Hozier - Swan Upon Leda Lyrics | AZLyrics.com

"Swan Upon Leda" lyrics
Hozier Lyrics
"Swan Upon Leda"
A husband waits outside
A crying child pushes a child into the night
She was told he would come this time
Without leaving so much as a feather behind
To enact at last the perfect plan
One more sweet boy to be butchered by men
But the gateway to the world
Was still outside the reach of him
Would never belong to angels
Had never belonged to men
The swan upon Leda
Empire upon Jerusalem
A grandmother smuggling meds
Past where the god child-soldier Setanta stood dead
Our graceful turner of heads
Weaves through the checkpoints like a needle and thread
Someone's frightened boy waves her on
She offers a mother's smile and soon she's gone
The gateway to the world
The gun in a trembling hand
Where nature unmakes the boundary
The pillar of myth still stands
The swan upon Leda
Occupier upon ancient land
The gateway to the world
Was still outside the reach of him
Would never belong to angels
Had never belonged to men
Submit Corrections
Writer(s): Andrew John Hozier-byrne
Hozier explained on Twitter on the 4th of October, 2022,
"I wrote 'Swan Upon Leda' in Ireland a year ago and recorded it recently with producer Jenn Decilveo. We were tracking it in studio when the news came through of Roe v. Wade being overturned. I felt there was an opportunity to offer some show of solidarity. We're reminded again by the protests in Iran that progressivism is a global movement. The recent pushbacks against civil liberties and human rights respect no boundaries or borders, and like all acts of control, violence and indeed all forms of occupation, their legacies can be immeasurable in both the personal and political spheres."
The song was released three days later as the first taste of his album "Unreal Unearth".
The title of this song refers to the ancient Greek myth of Zeus (in the form of a swan) raping Leda as a punishment for becoming Queen of Sparta.
AZLyrics
H
Hozier Lyrics
You May Also Like
Florence + The Machine - "Dream Girl Evil"
Well, did you miss me?
Walk on water just to kiss me?
Oh, come and get me
Drag me out, destroy me
I've been expecting you, I'm ready
Deliver me that bad news, baby

Am I your dream girl?
You think of...
Rihanna - "FourFiveSeconds"
I think I've had enough
I might get a little drunk
I say what's on my mind
I might do a little time
'Cause all of my kindness
Is taken for weakness

Now I'm four, five seconds from wilding
And we got...
Ashe & FINNEAS - "Till Forever Falls Apart"
Out on our own
Dreaming in a world that we both know
Is out of our control
But if shit hits the fan we're not alone

'Cause you got me and you know
That I've got you and I know

If the tide takes...
Lorde - "Writer In The Dark"
Break the news—you're walking out
To be a good man for someone else
Sorry I was never good like you
Stood on my chest and kept me down
Hated hearing my name on the lips of a crowd
Did my best to...
Birdtalker - "Lizards In The Afterglow"
Oh I like it when it's early
And the sky is milky grey
I roll over and come closer
No, we don't have to start the day

You can be happy if you want to
You can be angry if you need to
We can be...
Search