Hozier - To Noise Making (Sing) Lyrics | AZLyrics.com

"To Noise Making (Sing)" lyrics
Hozier Lyrics
"To Noise Making (Sing)"
Remember when you'd sing, just for the fuck of it?
And any joy it would bring
Honey, the look of it was as sweet as the sound
Your head tilt back, your funny mouth to the clouds
I couldn't hope to know that song and all its words
Wouldn't claim to feel the same we felt the first time it was heard
I couldn't name that feeling carried in that voice
Was it that or just the act of making noise that brought you joy?
You don't have to sing it right
But who could call you wrong?
To put your emptiness to melody
Your awful heart to song
You don't have to sing it nice, but, honey, sing it strong
At best, you find a little remedy, at worst the world will sing along
So honey, sing, and sing, and sing, and sing, and sing, and sing, and sing
Sing, sing, and sing, and sing, and sing, and sing, sing
Remember when you'd sing before we'd move to it?
And we'd scuff up our shoes, honey, the groove of it
Was whatever you choose
"I Wanna Be Your Lover" or "The Fisherman's Blues"
You didn't always sing it right
But who could call you wrong?
To put your emptiness to melody
Your awful heart to song
You don't have to sing it nice, but, honey, sing it strong
At best, you find a little remedy, at worst the world will sing along
So honey, sing, and sing, and sing, and sing, and sing, and sing, and sing
Sing, sing, and sing, and sing, and sing, and sing, sing
Who could ask you be unbroken or be brave again?
Or, honey, hope even on this side of the grave again?
And who could ask you to be sound or to feel saved again?
Just stick around until you hear that music play again
So honey, sing, and sing, and sing, and sing, and sing, and sing, and sing
Sing, sing, and sing, and sing, and sing, and sing, sing
So honey, sing, and sing, and sing, and sing, and sing, and sing, and sing
Sing, sing, and sing, and sing, and sing, and sing, sing
For the love of it
So honey, sing, and sing, and sing, and sing, and sing, and sing, and sing
Sing, sing, and sing, and sing, and sing, and sing, sing
For the love of it
Remember when you'd sing, just for the love of it?
And any joy it would bring
Submit Corrections
Thanks to Mia for correcting these lyrics.
Writer(s): Andrew John Hozier-byrne
Hozier said to Apple Music about the singing message of this song,
"At the end of the day, if you find some comfort in it, it's still a worthwhile act."
. He was inspired by Seamus Heaney's poem "At The Wellhead". Heaney's voice can be heard in the background during the final chorus.
Prince's
song "I Wanna Be Your Lover" (1979) is mentioned in these lyrics, as well as the song "The Fisherman's Blues" (1988) by
The Waterboys
.
AZLyrics
H
Hozier Lyrics
album:
"Wasteland, Baby!"
(2019)
Nina Cried Power
Almost (Sweet Music)
Movement
No Plan
Nobody
To Noise Making (Sing)
As It Was
Shrike
Talk
Be
Dinner & Diatribes
Would That I
Sunlight
Wasteland, Baby!
You May Also Like
Juke Ross - "Fresh Roses"
Darling, I've been trying to hold you down
Though the fear within my heart still lingers round
Darling I am hoping to see your face
Every Sunday morn in my embrace

And though the fear within my...
Young The Giant - "Superposition"
I don't believe in fate
No psychic vision
But when things fall into place
Superposition

In any universe
You are my dark star

I want you
To want me
Why don't we rely on chemistry
Why don't we...
Ben Platt - "Ease My Mind"
Most days I wake up with a pit in my chest
There are thoughts that I can't put to rest
There's a worry that I can't place
Most nights I am restless, and quiet won't come
So I lay there and wait for...
James Bay - "Break My Heart Right"
Tail lights and runways
We put on a brave face
We write down the details to make us feel safe
Cold on the mattress
Sad and alone
I think it's ten thousand minutes 'til I get home
Someday we're gonna...
COIN - "Let It All Out (10:05)"
When you love something but you've had enough
When you hold someone but you're losing touch
You're rubbing salt deep in the cut
Oh I-I-I

Every move you make is apocalypse
And you feel your fate at...
Search