Hozier - Do I Wanna Know? Lyrics | AZLyrics.com

"Do I Wanna Know?" lyrics
Hozier Lyrics
"Do I Wanna Know?"
(originally by Arctic Monkeys)
Have you got colour in your cheeks?
Do you ever get that fear that you can't shift
The type that sticks around like something in your teeth?
Are there some aces up your sleeve?
Have you no idea that you're in deep?
I dreamt about you nearly every night this week
How many secrets can you keep?
'Cause there's this tune I found that makes me think of you somehow and I play it on repeat
Until I fall asleep
Spilling drinks on my settee
(Do I wanna know)
If this feeling flows both ways?
(Sad to see you go)
Was sort of hoping that you'd stay
(Baby we both know)
That the nights were mainly made for saying things that you can't say tomorrow day
Crawling back to you
Ever thought of calling when you've had a few?
'Cause I always do
Maybe I'm too busy being yours to fall for somebody new
Now I've thought it through
Crawling back to you
So have you got the guts?
Been wondering if your heart's still open and if so I wanna know what time it shuts
Simmer down and pucker up
I'm sorry to interrupt. It's just I'm constantly on the cusp of trying to kiss you
I don't know if you feel the same as I do
But we could be together if you wanted to
(Do I wanna know?)
If this feeling flows both ways?
(Sad to see you go)
Was sort of hoping that you'd stay
(Baby we both know)
That the nights were mainly made for saying things that you can't say tomorrow day
Crawling back to you (crawling back to you)
Ever thought of calling when you've had a few? (you've had a few)
'Cause I always do ('cause I always do)
Maybe I'm too (maybe I'm too busy) busy being yours to fall for somebody new
Now I've thought it through
Crawling back to you
(Do I wanna know?)
If this feeling flows both ways?
(Sad to see you go)
Was sort of hoping that you'd stay
(Baby we both know)
That the nights were mainly made for saying things that you can't say tomorrow day
(Do I wanna know?)
Too busy being yours to fall
(Sad to see you go)
Ever thought of calling darling?
(Do I wanna know?)
Do you want me crawling back to you?
Submit Corrections
Thanks to Naomi Sirait for adding these lyrics.
AZLyrics
H
Hozier Lyrics
You May Also Like
Ray LaMontagne - "Jolene"
Cocaine flame in my bloodstream
Sold my coat when I hit Spokane
Bought myself a hard pack of cigarettes in the early morning rain
Lately my hands they don't feel like mine
My eyes been stung with...
The Paper Kites - "Paint"
We were trying, but we're trying no more
It's cold on the floor, cold on the floor
This house has never been the same as before
It's never felt warm, never felt warm
There's something moving through...
Vance Joy - "I'm With You"
I saw you standing there
Sandy-blonde hair, the way it came tumbling down
Just like a waterfall
And if you need a light
I'll be the match to your candle
My darling, I'm ready to burst into flames for...
Angus & Julia Stone - "Youngblood"
Remember the words you told me
"Love me till the day I die"
Surrender my everything
'Cause you made me believe you're mine
Yeah, you used to call me baby
Now you're calling me by name
Takes one to...
Mt. Joy - "Strangers"
Well I guess I'll have to fall in love with strangers
Go ride through New York City like I'm famous
And if our lives don't work then we can change 'em
Lord knows we'll change, love will rearrange us,...
Search