Kendrick Lamar - Somebody That I Used To Know (Freestyle) Lyrics | AZLyrics.com

"Somebody That I Used To Know (Freestyle)" lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
"Somebody That I Used To Know (Freestyle)"
[Kendrick Lamar:]
Hold up is that you?
With them big ol' thighs after school
J-305 had gave me high five when I said I'm in hot pursuit
Hold up is that you?
With them big ol' thighs after school
J-305 had gave me high five when I said I'm in hot pursuit
Hold up is that you?
With them big ol' thighs after school
J-305 had gave me high five when I said I'm in hot pursuit
You said I won't ride until Kendrick drive a new Monte Carlo that cruise
And that shot my pride, I tried to improv, but no freestyle, I never do
Ya lookin' for the nigga with the tallest 'fetti'
Ya overlookin' every nigga that ain't quite ready
To make it rain on ya like I'm boutta break a levee (hol up!)
That pussy petty
Yeah ya nails did, ya hair did, your cellphone is selfish
It only got numbers that come with a hummer her new primadonna I smelt it
Tried to make ya mine.. (ho)
Tried to make some time.. (ho)
But I ain't got the time or the patience to stop and wait in line.. (ho)
Her dream soap Versace, she fall for Armani
I only deal with rich niggas, fuck you and Mitt Romney
I'm grown now, I'm on my own now, I'm poppin'
Change my phone now, when I get home now, I got options
Fast forward, wait is that you?
With them big ol' thighs after school?
And your three kids and three baby daddies same car note that's overdue?
I know
[Sample of Gotye's "Somebody That I Used To Know":]
But you didn't have to cut me off
Make out like it never happened and that we were nothing
Submit Corrections
Thanks to Antonio J. Fambrough for adding these lyrics.
AZLyrics
K
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
You May Also Like
Mac Miller - "Come Back To Earth"
My regrets look just like texts I shouldn't send
And I got neighbors, they're more like strangers
We could be friends
I just need a way out
Of my head
I'll do anything for a way out
Of my head

In my...
KIDS SEE GHOSTS - "Reborn"
I'm so—I'm so reborn, I'm movin' forward
Keep movin' forward, keep movin' forward
Ain't no stress on me Lord, I'm movin' forward
Keep movin' forward, keep movin' forward
I'm so—I'm so reborn, I'm...
Childish Gambino - "3005"
No matter what you say or what you do
When I'm alone, I'd rather be with you
Fuck these other niggas, I'll be right by your side
Till 3005, hold up

Okay, hold up, wait a minute, all good just a week...
JID - "Surround Sound"
I know I can't afford to stop for one moment
That it's too soon, to for—

Push the fucking pack off of the porch or break a pound down
Get this strap, if it happen to blow, it make surround sounds...
Dreamville & J. Cole - "Costa Rica"
Pyrex whipper
Pyrex I got big dreams so my watch got a big face
Girls get messy like a motherfuckin' mixtape
Smellin' like money and I'm lookin' like sex
I'm outside for real with the slimes and the...
Search