Kendrick Lamar - Rich Spirit Lyrics | AZLyrics.com

"Rich Spirit" lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
"Rich Spirit"
Takin' my baby to school, then I pray for her
'Cause you bitches ain't never been cool, writin' testament
Paintin' pictures, put me in the Louvre, that's a definite
Universal shift, I'm in a groove
And celebrity do not mean integrity, you fool
I'm a good man, shake your hand, firm grip rule
Seventy-two wins, lost ten, ballin' with the flu
More than two M's for a show, but add another two
Hmm, lil' Man-Man, the big mans
The GT Dyno flippin' the kickstand, ooh
Rich nigga, broke phone (Ah)
Tryna keep the balance, I'm stayin' strong (Ooh)
Stop playin' with me 'fore I turn you to a song (Yeah)
Stop playin' with me 'fore I turn you to a song (Ooh)
Ayy, bitch, I'm attractive (Ah)
Can't fuck with you no more, I'm fastin', ugh (Ooh)
Bitch, I'm attractive (Ah, ah, ah, ah)
Can't fuck with you no more, I'm fastin', ugh
The morality can wait, feedback on low latency, I'm glitching from the face
As my thoughts grow sacredly, I'm runnin' out of space
Ask Whitney, she okay, never mind a hundred K
Why you lyin' on Benjamin? He turnin' in his grave
I'd be lyin' if I said I wouldn't give this shit away
The aloof Buddha, I'm Christ with a shooter
Praise to Muhammad, I might nigga noose ya
AP, Michael Friedman, my friends cooler
Primary, so the resale value stupid
I would never live my life on a computer
IG'll get you life for a chikabooya
More power to ya, love 'em from a distance
Why you always in the mirror more than the bitches?
And my cousin tried to sue me like he got the privilege
But I didn't lose sleep 'cause I got the spirit, ayy (Ooh)
Rich nigga, broke phone (Ah)
Tryna keep the balance, I'm stayin' strong (Ooh)
Stop playin' with me 'fore I turn you to a song (Yeah)
Stop playin' with me 'fore I turn you to a song (Ooh)
Ayy, bitch, I'm attractive (Ah)
Can't fuck with you no more, I'm fastin', ugh (Ooh)
Bitch, I'm attractive (Ah, ah, ah, ah)
Can't fuck with you no more, I'm fastin', ugh
Dun-duh, dun-duh, dun-duh, duh, dum
Dun-duh-duh, duh, duh
Dun-duh, dun-duh, dun-duh, dun-duh, dun
Frat brother, real nigga, that brother
We just upped the score, give me dap, brother
Spirit medium, I don't rap, brother
We headed there now, are you strapped brother?
Ayy, peacemaker, but I'm not naive, brother
Ayy, gotta watch your homies and police, brother
Ayy, clout chasing hell of a disease, brother
I'm fasting four days out the week, brother
I pray to God that you realize the entourage is dead
I pray to God that you not lackin' when you off the meds
I pray to God she know them Cabo trips don't last forever
Bet she argue with her momma, go and get them kids
I pray to God you actually pray when somebody dies
Thoughts and prayers, way better off timelines
False claimin' not cute, I'm mortified
The new Earth in hot pursuit, two-hundred lives
Rich nigga, broke phone (Ah)
Tryna keep the balance, I'm stayin' strong (Ooh)
Stop playin' with me 'fore I turn you to a song (Yeah)
Stop playin' with me 'fore I turn you to a song (Ooh)
Ayy, bitch, I'm attractive (Ah)
Can't fuck with you no more, I'm fastin', ugh (Ooh)
Bitch, I'm attractive (Ah, ah, ah, ah)
Can't fuck with you no more, I'm fastin', ugh
Dun-duh, dun-duh, dun-duh, duh, dum
Dun-duh-duh, duh, duh
Dun-duh, dun-duh, dun-duh, dun-duh, dun
Submit Corrections
Writer(s): Samuel Joseph Dew, Dacoury Dahi Natche, Mark Anthony Spears, Jahaan Akil Sweet, Kendrick Lamar Duckworth, Frano Jay Huett
AZLyrics
K
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
album:
"Mr. Morale & The Big Steppers"
(2022)
United In Grief
N95
Worldwide Steppers
Die Hard
Father Time
Rich (Interlude)
Rich Spirit
We Cry Together
Purple Hearts
Count Me Out
Crown
Silent Hill
Savior (Interlude)
Savior
Auntie Diaries
Mr. Morale
Mother I Sober
Mirror
You May Also Like
Joey Bada$$ - "Head High"
Yeah
(Statik Selektah)

Time waits for no man, life is but a two-step slow jam
Dancin' with the devil, tryin' not to lose my balance
But God blessed the kid with many talents, he was chosen
It's why...
Tyler, The Creator - "NEW MAGIC WAND"
Sometimes you gotta close a door to open a window I saw a photo, you looked joyous
My eyes are green, I eat my veggies
I need to get her out the picture
She's really fuckin' up my frame
She's not...
Meek Mill - "All Eyes On You"
Yeah, baby, is you drunk, is you had enough?
Are you here lookin' for love? Oh
Got the club goin' crazy
All these bitches, but my eyes on you
Is you somebody's baby?
If you ain't, girl what we gon'...
Mac Miller - "Self Care"
Mhm, mhm
Okay
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Dollars

I switched the time zone, but what do I know?
Spendin' nights hitchhikin', where will I go?
I could fly home, with my eyes closed
But...
Frank Ocean - "Biking"
Uh, turn, what goes around comes around
Ayy, turn, turn the music up, uh, yeah
Goes around comes around
What goes, alright, like like
Life goes in cycles
Everything that comes around goes around...
Search