Kendrick Lamar - HUMBLE. (Skrillex Remix) Lyrics | AZLyrics.com

"HUMBLE. (Skrillex Remix)" lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
"HUMBLE. (Skrillex Remix)"
Ayy, I remember syrup sandwiches and crime allowances
Finesse a nigga with some counterfeits, but now I'm countin' this
Parmesan where my accountant lives; in fact, I'm downin' this
D'USSÉ with my boo bae tastes like Kool-Aid for the analysts
Girl, I can buy yo' ass the world with my paystub
Ooh, that pussy good, won't you sit it on my taste bloods?
I get way too petty once you let me do the extras
Pull up on your block, then break it down: we playin' Tetris
A.M. to the P.M., P.M. to the A.M., funk
Piss out your per diem, you just gotta hate 'em, funk
If I quit your BM, I still ride Mercedes, funk
If I quit this season, I still be the greatest, funk
My left stroke just went viral
Right stroke put lil' baby in a spiral
Soprano C, we like to keep it on a high note
It's levels to it, you and I know
Bitch, be humble (hol' up, bitch)
(Hol' up, bitch)
(Hol' up, bitch)
(Hol' up, hol' up, hol' up)
Sit down (hol' up)
Be humble
Sit down (hol' up)
Be humble
Sit down (hol' up)
Be humble
Sit down (hol' up, hol' up, hol' up)
Who dat nigga thinkin' that he frontin' on Man-Man? (Man-Man)
Get the fuck off my stage, I'm the Sandman (Sandman)
Get the fuck off my dick, that ain't right
I make a play fucking up your whole life
I'm so fuckin' sick and tired of the Photoshop
Show me somethin' natural like afro on Richard Pryor
Show me somethin' natural like ass with some stretch marks
Still will take you down right on your mama's couch in Polo socks
Ayy, this shit way too crazy, ayy, you do not amaze me, ayy
I blew cool from AC, ayy, Obama just paged me, ayy
I don't fabricate it, ayy, most of y'all be fakin', ayy
I stay modest 'bout it, ayy, she elaborate it, ayy
This that Grey Poupon, that Evian, that TED Talk, ayy
Watch my soul speak, you let the meds talk, ayy
If I kill a nigga, it won't be the alcohol, ayy
I'm the realest nigga after all
Bitch, be humble (hol' up, bitch)
(Hol' up, bitch)
(Hol' up)
(Hol' up, hol' up, hol' up)
Sit down (hol' up)
Be humble
Sit down (hol' up)
Be humble
Sit down (hol' up, hol' up)
Be humble
Sit down (hol' up, hol'up, hol' up, hol' up)
Submit Corrections
Writer(s): Asheton Hogan, K. Duckworth, M. Williams Ii
AZLyrics
K
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
You May Also Like
Mac Miller - "Dang!"
I can't keep on
Losin' you over complications
Gone too soon, wait!
We was just hangin'
I can't seem to hold onto
Dang
The people that know me best
The key that I won't forget, too soon
I can't keep...
Joey Bada$$ - "Survival Tactics"
It's either, them or you
It's sort of like, survival you know. Survival of the fittest you know
You do what you do to stay alive Niggas don't want war, I'm a Martian with an army of Spartans
Sparring...
Wale - "Lotus Flower Bomb"
I'mma rap to you real quick
I wanna enjoy the luxury of like, not knowing each other for real. Hold up Lotus flower bomb, firefly
When I'm low, she take me high
I can teach you all the sounds of...
Travis Scott - "SKELETONS"
Yeah, yeah, yeah (Yeah), ooh
Feels like slow motion, we're floating at the speed (Yeah)
(Yeah, yeah)
Louder (Louder)
Higher, higher, higher, higher, higher {Uhh, yeah} It's like standing in the...
BROCKHAMPTON - "SUGAR"
Spending all my nights alone, waiting for you to call me
You're the only one I want by my side when I fall asleep
Tell me what I'm waiting for
Tell me what I'm waiting for
I know it's hard, but we...
Search