Kendrick Lamar - Rare Breed Lyrics | AZLyrics.com

"Rare Breed" lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
"Rare Breed"
Rare Breed, Kendrick Lamar
Breed up or speed up
Breed up or speed up
Breed up or speed up
This is for my niggas that be all blacked out
Hit the streets a hundred deep, what Rare Breed about?
Riding hard, bending corners, the girlies on us
Leave a hater scarred, big Dressers sit at the stop light
Road Glides and Road Kings deep in my hindsight
You do it right or don't do it at all
Put that candy paint on it, ride them twenty-threes homie
Custom seats, custom brakes, hit the streets and ball
Centre of attention like bynum and gasol, aw
You know that killer californication
When you feeling like you sitting on a ceiling, chasing
Dreams, hoping this conglomerate can run the nation
It's abomination how we bomb yo' block
I'm talking Big Punch, K-Dub, Baby Slip Billy
Bad Azz, Rare Breed, we all we got
See 'em out, show 'em love, chunk the deuce, give it up
It's a lot of bike clubs but they not this hard, nope
Pounding on the highway stretch
All blacked out, making sure we on deck
Might catch us on them Dressers or them Road Glides, yes
Tell the world I'm a Rare Breed baby
Breed up or speed up (don't stop, don't stop)
Breed up or speed up (don't stop, don't stop)
Breed up or speed up, I'm a Rare Breed baby
And it's like that to the death though
Two-oh-point and seeing decimals, I ain't lying
Pounding on the interstate in the state that shines
Or we might be in a hood near you
Around the globe baby, Rare Breed under control baby
Them pipes loud, the movement entice crowds
We heat it up in the cold baby
It's three degrees out? Then you should see me out
Or see bout them kitty cats and how they go meow
Ha-ha, we be the father of Harley drivers, so don't bother
Show you infants how to whip it, have a bye-bye
Posers try to hang? Then we hang 'em by the collar
Silk, lannie, Rare Breed family
Stunting hard like a black circus, voila
Breed up or speed up, get ahead
So with that said, bye-bye
Pounding on the highway stretch
All blacked out, making sure we on deck
Might catch us on them Dressers or them Road Glides, yes
Tell the world I'm a Rare Breed baby
Breed up or speed up (don't stop, don't stop)
Breed up or speed up (don't stop, don't stop)
Breed up or speed up, I'm a Rare Breed baby
Pounding on the highway stretch
All blacked out, making sure we on deck
Might catch us on them Dressers or them Road Glides, yes
Tell the world I'm a Rare Breed baby
Breed up or speed up (don't stop, don't stop)
Breed up or speed up (don't stop, don't stop)
Breed up or speed up, I'm a Rare Breed baby
Shouting out the one and only Rare Breed
Now Breed up!
Submit Corrections
Thanks to Aerick Idrale, for correcting these lyrics.
AZLyrics
K
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
You May Also Like
Travis Scott - "HIGHEST IN THE ROOM"
I got room in my fumes (Yeah)
She fill my mind up with ideas
I'm the highest in the room (It's lit)
Hope I make it outta here (Let's go)

She saw my eyes, she know I'm gone (Ah)
I see some things...
J. Cole - "No Role Modelz"
First things first rest in peace Uncle Phil
For real, you the only father that I ever knew
I get my bitch pregnant I'mma be a better you
Prophesies that I made way back in the Ville
Fulfill, Listen...
Childish Gambino - "Bonfire"
OK, it's Childish Gambino, home girl drop it like the NASDAQ
Move white girls like there's coke up my ass crack
Move black girls 'cause, man, fuck it, I'll do either
I love pussy, I love bitches,...
Kid Cudi - "Stars In The Sky"
Hmm-hmm-hmm
Hmm, mmm-mmm

The feelings runnin' deep, ain't no time for sleep
A second to unwind, head up in the sky
I follow to the beat, it's just what my heart's demandin' (Yeah)
Friends and...
Bas & J. Cole - "Tribe"
This one's for you
This one's for you I think I made it

I think I made it, I think I made it
'Cause I'm always smiling, and you are the reason now
Girl, I can't explain it
It's all in the timing, I...
Search