Kendrick Lamar - Untitled 03 L 05.28.2013. Lyrics | AZLyrics.com

"Untitled 03 L 05.28.2013." lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
"Untitled 03 L 05.28.2013."
[Kendrick Lamar:]
So I met this young lady, ya know, when I went back home. I was tryna spit my best game to her, you know, give her my best cap, but she kept on snapping her fingers like. I said "You know what, girl? You crazy." Then she asked me what he said
[Kendrick Lamar (Mani Strings):]
(What did the Asian say?)
"A peace of mind"
That's what the Asian said—I need a divine
Intervention was his religion and I was surprised
Him believing in Buddha, me believing in God
Asked him what are you doing, he said "taking my time"
Meditation is a must, it don't hurt if you try
See you thinking too much, plus you too full of yourself
Worried about your career, you ever think of your health?
(What did the Indian say?)
"A piece of land"
That's what the Indian said—I needed the man
Telling me longevity is in the dirt
Should buy some property first
Should profit a better dollar with generational perks
Equity at his best, really, you should invest
These tangible things expire, don't you expect
Income with so much outcome and yes
Look at my heritage, we blessed
(Now, what the black man say?)
"A piece of pussy"
That's what the black man said I needed to push me
To the limit, to satisfy my hunger
We do it all for a woman from haircut to a war
We like to live in the jungle, like to play in the peach
What you saying to me?
He said "nigga, come back to reality for a week"
Pussy is power, fuck on a new bitch every night
I wouldn't be prouder, you should allow it
(What the white man say?)
A piece of mine's
That's what the white man wanted when I rhyme
Telling me that he selling me just for $10.99
If I go platinum from rapping, I do the company fine
What if I compromise? He said it don't even matter
You make a million or more, you living better than average
You losing your core following, gaining it all
He put a price on my talent, I hit the bank and withdraw
Hit the bank and withdraw, hit the bank and withdraw
Put myself in the rocket ship and I shot for the stars
"Look at what you accomplishing"; what he said to the boy
"I'ma make you some promises that you just can't ignore
Your profession anonymous as an artist if I don't target your market
If you ain't signing your signature when I throw you my wallet
A lot of rappers are giving their demo all in the toilet
Your world tour, your master's, mortgage, I need a piece"
[Bilal:]
I holler, "What you do? What you say?"
I shall enjoy the fruits of my labor if I get freed today
I holler, "What you do? What you say?"
I shall enjoy the fruits of my labor if I get freed today
What the black man say?
Tell 'em we don't die, tell 'em we don't die
Tell 'em we don't die, we multiply
Tell 'em we don't die, tell 'em we don't die
Tell 'em we don't die, we multiply
Tell 'em we don't die, tell 'em we don't die
Tell 'em we don't die, we multiply
Tell 'em we don't die, tell 'em we don't die
Tell 'em we don't die, we multiply
Submit Corrections
Writer(s): Kendrick Lamar Duckworth, Ronald N. La Tour, Daveon Lamont Jackson, Brock F. Korsan
AZLyrics
K
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
compilation:
"untitled unmastered."
(2016)
Untitled 01 L 08.19.2014.
Untitled 02 L 06.23.2014.
Untitled 03 L 05.28.2013.
Untitled 04 L 08.14.2014.
Untitled 05 L 09.21.2014.
Untitled 06 L 06.30.2014.
Untitled 07 L 2014 - 2016
Untitled 08 L 09.06.2014.
You May Also Like
KAYTRANADA - "Drive Me Crazy"
Yeah, see the street lights?
I ain't slept in like 48
I'm back!

I'm here and y'all know they've been waitin' for me
Since I was 15, now I'm Yella, a hundred miles and runnin'
Easy come and easy go,...
The Internet - "Go With It"
Pull up on my job and make 'em go work
We hit the singles club, her hips are double time
Got three finals this week but she don't care she get some money first
I understand to feel myself, I started...
Logic - "44 Bars"
If you deal with war, backwards stay far
We're dealing with truths and rights
Come some more into my sight
(You no hear me yet?)
(Hear me live and direct)
(Walk with your tap)

Yeah, in London...
Pusha T - "Untouchable"
Lyrically I'm, untouchable, uncrushable
Blunted in a 600, blunted in a 600
Untouchable, uncrushable
Blunted in a 600, blunted in a 600

Yuugh, I drops every blue moon
To separate myself from you...
88-Keys - "Stay Up! (Viagra)"
(Stay Up)
Stay-
(VIAGRA!!)
Stay up
Stay up (Yeah)
Stay up (Kinda crazy, right?)
Stay up

What she got is so Niagara
Make a young nigga straight need Viagra
Make a old nigga give keys to Jaguar
Just...
Search