Kendrick Lamar - Black Boy Fly Lyrics | AZLyrics.com

"Black Boy Fly" lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
"Black Boy Fly"
[Kendrick Lamar:]
So I'm saying, "What up? What up? Nigga, you made it"
So I'm saying, "What up? What up? Nigga, you made it"
So I'm saying, "What up? What up? Nigga, you made it"
So I'm saying, "What up? What up? Nigga, I hate it"
So I'm saying, "What up? What up? Nigga, I hate it"
Frustrated and I'm riding down them back streets
Making my conscience ask me
"Will I survive to make it up out this hole in time?"
Black boy fly, black boy fly
Black, black boy fly, black boy fly
I used to be jealous of Arron Afflalo
I used to be jealous of Arron Afflalo
He was the one to follow
He was the only leader foreseeing brighter tomorrows
He would live in the gym, we was living in sorrow
Total envy of him, he made his dream become a reality
Actually making it possible to swim
His way up outta Compton with further more to accomplish
Graduate with honors, a sponsor of basketball scholars
It's 2004 and I'm watching him score thirty
Remember vividly how them victory points had hurt me
'Cause every basket was a reaction or a reminder
That we was just moving backwards
The bungalow where you find us
The art of us ditching classes, heading nowhere fast
Stick my head inside the study hall, he focused on math
Determination ambition, plus dedication and wisdom
Qualities he was given was the shit we didn't have
Dug inside of his book bag and Coach Palmer asked for his finals
He had his back like a spinal, meanwhile
We singing the same old song spinning the vinyl
Eleven graders gone wrong
He focused on the NBA, we focused on some Patron
Now watch that black boy fly
[Anna Wise:]
Black boy fly, watch that black boy fly
Black boy fly, watch that black boy fly
Black boy fly, watch that black boy fly
Black boy
[Kendrick Lamar:]
I used to be jealous of Jayceon
I used to be jealous of Jayceon Taylor when I was young
Taylor made a career out of music from writing songs
A Buick had driven past bumping him when I mowed the lawn
Money laundering hustling, homies pondering up against
Schemes to make a million even if doing you harm
War's the case and just in case you wasn't alarmed
The city had fought with firearms and many had died before dawn
It's 2004 and I'm hearing the people roar
For the name of The Game, they line in front of the store
Swap meets, selling our mixtapes, I'm like, "Oh shit, wait"
Don't wanna be another nigga stuck regretting mistakes
Mixed feelings was my opinion, I was defending my insecurities
Chillin' my conscience next to a villain
Compton made you believe success wasn't real
Be honest, none of us knew of a record deal
So as I peel through these lottery tickets
I see a Harley Davidson truck visit the same plaza we shopped
A tall nigga hopped out with Jordans and a white tank top
He was top of the rap game, we was the top of the block
So watch that black boy fly
[Anna Wise:]
Black boy fly, watch that black boy fly
Black boy fly, watch that black boy fly
Black boy fly, watch that black boy fly
Black boy
[Kendrick Lamar:]
My mama didn't raise me up to be jealous-hearted
Like most of the winners call it
Regardless of where you stay, hold your head and continue marching
That's what she said, but in my head I wanted to be like Jordan
Award touring the country with money from mic recording
The only way out the ghetto, you know the stereotype
Shooting hoops or live on the stereo like Top 40
And shortly, I got discouraged
Like every time I walked to the corner, had them guns bursting
Nigga, I was rehearsing in repetition the phrase
That only one in a million will ever see better days
Especially when the crime waves was bigger than tsunamis
Break your boogie boards to pieces, you just a typical homie
All these niggas facetious and they all standing beside me
They all'll buy me a chopper if any one of you try me
What am I to do when every neighborhood is an obstacle?
When two niggas making it out had never sounded logical?
Three niggas making it out? That's mission impossible
So I never believed the type of performance that I could do
I wasn't jealous 'cause of the talents they got
I was terrified they'd be the last black boys to fly out of Compton
Thank God
(Black boy fly, watch that black boy fly)
Submit Corrections
AZLyrics
K
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
album:
"Good Kid: M.A.A.D City"
(2012)
Sherane A.K.A Master Splinter's Daughter
Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe
Backseat Freestyle
The Art Of Peer Pressure
Money Trees
Poetic Justice
Good Kid
m.A.A.d City
Swimming Pools (Drank)
Sing About Me, I'm Dying Of Thirst
Real
Compton
The Recipe
(Deluxe Edition Bonus Track)
Black Boy Fly
(Deluxe Edition Bonus Track)
Now Or Never
(Deluxe Edition Bonus Track)
Collect Calls
(Deluxe Edition Bonus Track)
County Building Blues
(Deluxe Edition Bonus Track)
Swimming Pools (Black Hippy Remix)
(Deluxe Edition Bonus Track)
The Recipe (Black Hippy Remix)
(Deluxe Edition Bonus Track)
You May Also Like
Ab-Soul - "The Book Of Soul"
Saucy

Your momma told me, "Read the Book of Job"
They should've called it the Book of Soul
I came into this hurtful Earth in perfect health
Caught Stevens-Johnson syndrome when I was 10 years old...
J. Cole - "Power Trip"
Got me up all night, all I'm singin' is love songs
She got me up all night, constant drinkin' and love songs
She got me up all night, down-and-out with these love songs
She got me up all night,...
Pusha T - "King Push"
This is my time, this is my hour
This is my pain, this is my name, this is my power
If it's my reign, then it's my shower
This pole position, I made a lane 'cause they blocked ours
Dope boys, block...
Meek Mill - "Burn"
MMG nigga, chain all VS
I ain’t with the BS
Catch me in the city riding hard through the BX
Skinny nigga, but I do it large like a 3X
The last nigga that tried to do me wrong, uhm he checked
Right...
ASAP Rocky - "R-Cali"
Niggas pistol-poppin' like it's 1999
I was nine, maybe ten, then again, never mind
Press rewind, back in time
Before rappers droppin' dimes
Trap or die, choppin' pies
With clichés all in they...
Search