Kendrick Lamar - Kush & Corinthians (His Pain) Lyrics | AZLyrics.com

"Kush & Corinthians (His Pain)" lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
"Kush & Corinthians (His Pain)"
(feat. BJ the Chicago Kid)
[Kendrick Lamar:]
Check, check, check, check, check
It go ride to it, ride to it, 'cause you never know
When a bullet might hit and you die to it, die to it
Die to it, die to it, live your life, live it right
Be different, do different things
Don't do it like he did, 'cause he ain't what you is
But we can win, wait, let's get straight to the point
To the meaning of life, what's my purpose?
Maybe this Earth is ain't a good place to be
How far is heaven? Let's see
Is it in the clouds like they said it would be?
I wonder when I die will he give me receipts?
I wonder will the eyes of the Lord look at me?
Look at me, look at me, I'm a loser, I'm a winner
I'm good, I'm bad, I'm a Christian, I'm a sinner
I'm humble, I'm loud, I'm righteous, I'm a killer
What I'm doing? I'm saying that I'm human, now people just
Ride to it, ride to it, 'cause you never know
When a bullet might hit and you die to it, die to it
Die to it, die to it, live your life, live it right
Be different, do different things
Don't do it like he did, 'cause he ain't what you is
But we can win, wait, let's get straight to the point
It go one (One), two (Two), three (Three)
Two in the front, one in the back seat (Seat)
Seat (Seat), seat (Seat), seat (Seat)
Looking for a victim of a AK-47, hundred-round each, each, each
But why must we retaliate? Is it human nature?
I don't know, I look for the answers later
"Make a right, there they go" (There they go)
Sometimes gotta
Ride to it, ride to it, 'cause you never know
When a bullet might hit and you die to it, die to it
Die to it, die to it, live your life, live it right
Be different, do different things
Don't do it like he did, 'cause he ain't what you is
But we can win-win, wait, let's get straight to the point
As I open this book and then burn up some of this reefer
My plan is to figure out the world and escape all my demons
I'm dying inside, I wonder if Zion inside the heavens
A condom, a Rollie, pain, a fat blunt and a MAC-11
That's all I see in my life and they tell me to make it right
But I'm right on the edge of Everest and I might jump tonight
Have you ever had known a saint that was taking sinner's advice?
Well it's probably you, am I right? If I'm wrong, you a fucking liar
When I lie on my back and look at the ceiling, it's so appealing to pray
I wonder if I'm just a villain, dealing my morals away
Some people look at my face then tell me don't worry 'bout it
I give 'em back their deposit, no money, just total silence
I'm running, they say I'm wildin', a youngin' with lack of guidance
That's hundreds of us with problems
Mo' money, mo' drugs and violence
Look at the soul of an out-of-control artist
That's dealing with life the hardest, that's on my life
But regardless I'ma—
[Kendrick Lamar (BJ the Chicago Kid):]
Ride to it, ride to it, 'cause I never know
When a bullet might hit me and I die to it, die to it
Die to it, die to it, live my life, live it right
Be different, do different things
Don't do it like he did, 'cause he ain't what I is
But we can win, wait, let's get straight to the point
(Oh-oh, oh-oh)
Hmm
[BJ the Chicago Kid:]
Yeah, life can please ya, but death can tease ya
On the day Niko had that seizure
I lost one of my biggest believers, aw
Close deaths make you think about your life
Like if I had that same chance twice, what would I do different?
I'd tell her I loved her more, do more
But tease her 'bout crying on that picture
Now when I'm done recording
Swear, I let the beat bang in her name
Make her shake her head in heaven, saying, "They're at it again"
Make them clouds turn to speakers
Don't take too much smoke from the reefer
Love being in the room with her peoples
Now my love life murking it, family having surgeries
Hate it that the truth that chose for their life to be under me
Lord, what kind of life is this?
Mamma, I just wanna sing
Mamma said, "According to get everything" (Uh)
"You gotta risk everything"
So I'm smoking my kush, reading Corinthians
Smoking my kush, reading Corinthians
Smoking my kush, reading Corinthians (Corinthians)
(Oh-oh, oh-oh)
Smoking my kush, reading Corinthians (Corinthians, Corinthians, Corinthians)
Mm, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh-oh, oh
Da, da, da, da, da, da
Da, da, da, da, da, da
Oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh-oh, oh
Da, da, da, da, da, da
Da, da, da, da, da, da, da-da-da
Submit Corrections
Writer(s): Kendrick Lamar, Wyatt Coleman
AZLyrics
K
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
album:
"Section.80"
(2011)
Fuck Your Ethnicity
Hol' Up
A.D.H.D
No Make-Up (Her Vice)
Tammy's Song (Her Evils)
Chapter Six
Ronald Reagan Era (His Evils)
Poe Mans Dreams (His Vice)
The Spiteful Chant
Chapter Ten
Keisha's Song (Her Pain)
Rigamortus
Kush & Corinthians (His Pain)
Blow My High (Members Only)
Ab-Soul's Outro
HiiiPoWeR
You May Also Like
Frank Ocean - "Nikes"
These bitches want Nikes
They looking for a check
Tell 'em it ain't likely
Said she need a ring like Carmelo
You must be on that white like Othello
All you want is Nikes
But the real ones just like...
Childish Gambino - "Me And Your Mama"
I'm in love when we are smokin' that la-la-la-la-la
I'm in love when we are smokin' that la-la-la-la-la
I'm in love when we are smokin' that la-la-la-la-la
I'm in love when we are smokin' that...
Travis Scott - "STARGAZING"
Rollin', rollin', rollin', got me stargazin' (Yeah)
Sippin' on purp, feelin' like the Barre Baby (It's lit)
Whatever I downed, it got me goin' crazy (Yah)
Psychedelics got me goin' crazy (Alright)

I...
J. Cole - "Apparently"
Oh right, oh
Oh why na-da-da-da
I keep my head high
I got my wings to carry me
I don't know freedom
I want my dreams to rescue me
I keep my faith strong
I ask The Lord to follow me
I've been...
ASAP Rocky - "Fukk Sleep"
Oh, yeah, ah-ah Fuck home, fuck sleep, come clean, zonin'
Can't forget that I'm golden, can't forget where I'm going
Fuck popo, police, enemies, fake homies
Can't forget that I'm a OG, better act...
Search