Kendrick Lamar - I Hate You Lyrics | AZLyrics.com

"I Hate You" lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
"I Hate You"
September 22nd, 2009
Kendrick Lamar, to... to
Let me start off this letter saying I don't like you
Scared of you, but I will fight you
I stare at the ceiling and think about you
Curiosity killing me, thinking of when I'ma meet you
You introduced yourself to so many others, mothers, sisters and brothers
Children and babies, drive me crazy, I wonder
Why you love people that love people that do right?
Is it rocket science to you, or is it just your type?
One of my biggest fears
Is waking up four in the morning and gotta hear you met one of my peers
Or maybe a family member that you thought was cool
Or maybe a person that I'll never meet 'cause of you
You, son of a bitch, and I wish you never existed
And I swear I'd blow your brains out if you paid me a visit
But that's not realistic, 'cause you'll never rot
But I'ma still send this letter off, P.O. Box
And when you get it
Please take it personal
Please take it personal
Please take it personal
Because it's personal
Let me continue this letter saying I don't like you
I'm scared of you, but I will fight you
Should be ashamed of the moves you make
The pain you bring, the sorrow and the hearts you break
Every day you remind me that you're always there
'Cause every time I come around, someone's getting shot down
And all I say is a prayer, "So help me, Lord."
Then the Lord talk back, "I can't help you, boy."
That's fucked up, my life's fucked, was cursed before birth
And what's fucked up, I gotta live my life with the hurt
Of knowing that you're everlasting, dwelling upon the masses
Of the earth, fatal assassins snatching bodies
Probably, on my notepad as I write
Why the fuck you wanna take my life?
Sooner or later, I'm tired and weary and my gray hairs are not in my favor
So when I write on this paper, it's real talk, so
Please take it personal
Please take it personal
Please take it personal
Because it's personal
Let me start off this letter saying I don't like you too
And the reason we haven't met because I've been busy doing
Whatever since grade school I've watched your every move
You slipped up a few times
I gave you a pass, so don't say I ain't sympathetic
But you can barely get curiosity, I'ma dead it
Everybody wanna know why I act this way
Let's just say, I had a bad day
Matter fact everyday, but I take it out on somebody
And you could probably find me wherever the wolves parade
I was born to be a killjoy, I'm an old brat
Conceived by Adam and Eve, so who you mad at?
Not me, see me, I'm just doing my job
And you ducking me is mos def an odd
So why send this letter as if I never knew you?
I'd rather knock on your door and just hand it to you
It's everywhere, the streets, the corners
The coroners, the morgues
The cemeteries, hospitals
Heard about it when I was little
Tomorrow's not promised
'Cause any day can be knocking at your front door
War, genocide, homicide
Suicide, all coincide
Signed and sealed by the living
Make it, don't take it
Please take it personal
Please take it personal
Please take it personal
Because it's personal
Submit Corrections
AZLyrics
K
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
You May Also Like
JID - "Surround Sound"
I know I can't afford to stop for one moment
That it's too soon, to for—

Push the fucking pack off of the porch or break a pound down
Get this strap, if it happen to blow, it make surround sounds...
ASAP Rocky - "Lord Pretty Flacko Jodye 2"
Who the jiggy nigga with the gold links?
Got me reminiscin' 'bout my old day
Three 6, suck a nigga dick, no foreplay, all day

Boomin' out the trap through the hallway
Tell me what you niggas know...
Childish Gambino - "Bonfire"
OK, it's Childish Gambino, home girl drop it like the NASDAQ
Move white girls like there's coke up my ass crack
Move black girls 'cause, man, fuck it, I'll do either
I love pussy, I love bitches,...
Tyler, The Creator & Teezo Touchdown - "RUNITUP"
Fuck you niggas talkin' to me about?
See, see, as a kid, I felt alienated by the niggas who look just like me
Niggas treat my nuance like it, like it was a nuisance so
So I was like, I was like,...
Travis Scott - "HIGHEST IN THE ROOM"
I got room in my fumes (Yeah)
She fill my mind up with ideas
I'm the highest in the room (It's lit)
Hope I make it outta here (Let's go)

She saw my eyes, she know I'm gone (Ah)
I see some things...
Search