Kendrick Lamar - Faith Lyrics | AZLyrics.com

"Faith" lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
"Faith"
(feat. BJ the Chicago Kid, Punch)
[Kendrick Lamar:]
Cloud nine, Kendrick Lamar, uh
I take a sip of Hennessy and then get pissy drunk
I ain't a drinker, I'm a thinker, call it what you want
But if you turn your back, know that you just missed your chance
To witness the realest shit that's ever been told to man
I found myself losing focus at a Sunday service
Embarrassed so I start questioning God, "What is my purpose?"
He said to live the way he did, that's all he want from me
Spread the word and witness, he rose on the first Sunday
I said alright, enthused that my Lord gave a listen
I opened my Bible in search to be a better Christian
And this from a person that never believed in religion
But shit, my life is so fucked up, man; I can't help but give in
I'm giving testimonies to strangers I never met
Hopped on the pulpit and told them how I was truly blessed
Felt like I'm free from all my sins when the service was over
Walked out the church, then got a call that my homie was murdered
Then lost my faith again
[BJ The Chicago Kid:]
What am I gonna do?
Gotta have faith
Life is too much
I'm just through
Where is your faith?
(Don't you give up don't you give in...)
Faith
All you need is the size of a mustard seed
[Kendrick Lamar:]
Single black parent from Compton raising children of four
That's four innocent bastards 'cause, papa, they don't know
Her day consists of working back and forth with babysitters
Can't find no one to watch her kids, so she pay her sister
Her baby daddy ain't 'bout shit, that nigga ain't 'bout shit
Spilt his daughter milk just to cop a new outfit
She pray to God every night, hoping that he'll mature
And maybe one day his kids something that he'll live for
Baby wanna go back to school, but she need some help
Because it's hard tryna pay the bills when you're by yourself
She thought about credit card scams, 'til she heard a voice
That said, "The Devil is a lie, make a better choice."
And so it's back to McDonald's and every month dealing
With them crazy ass people at the county building
Looked to the heavens and aksed Him to make a better way
Then got a letter in the mail, lost her Section 8
Then lost her faith again
[BJ The Chicago Kid:]
What am I gonna do?
Gotta have faith
Life is too much
I'm just through
Where is your faith?
(Don't you give up, don't you give in...)
Faith
All you need is the size of a mustard seed
[Punch:]
Kendrick, I appreciate the opportunity to vent my nigga
This about how faith works, yeah, murk it
I had dreams of holding a 9 milla to Ray's killa
Ask him why as my eyes fill up
Each day it gets more realer, orangutans bang like gorillas
It's jungle when the niggas in zoo
The rats lurking, vultures circling the serpents
Cats lying through their teeth, my nigga didn't deserve it
I flirted with the idea of caressing the steel
To make karma come faster than she normally will
It's ill to see my faith try and leave me
It's so hard to get it, to get rid of it is easy
I'm tryna reach Cloud 9, that's what my niggas 'bout
But it never rain in California 'less them pistols out
Until then, my feet planted on the ground
Shadowboxing my conscience 'til my faith start responding
And if I get no answer, just know I tried
I should have never looked into his son's eyes
Ray Charles voice
[BJ The Chicago Kid:]
What am I gonna do?
Gotta have faith
Life is too much
I'm just through
Where is your faith?
(Don't you give up, don't you give in...)
Faith
All you need is the size of a mustard seed
[Kendrick Lamar:]
This for my people that stressing whenever times is hard
Your mind's slipping, wondering, "Is there really a god?"
Knowing you shouldn't think that way and tryna freeze your brain
But whenever there's pain, that feeling forever remains
We can't believe what we can't see and reality seems stronger than prayer
'Cause you tried to change your life, and now you live in a wheelchair
And your son was born with cancer and he live in urgent care
At the tender age of 12, and you feel that no one cares
Searching for answers, that's human nature, you ain't in the wrong
Just know when you feeling that way His Spirit's in the room
I watched people I know pray and catch the Holy Ghost
And wonder why I ain't ever caught that feeling before
Maybe they know Him better, or I don't know no better
But what I do know, is that He's real and He lives forever
So the next time you feel like your world's about to end
I hope you studied because He's testing your faith again
I'd rather not live like there isn't a God
Than die and find out there really is
Think about it
Submit Corrections
Thanks to Andrew Castellon for correcting these lyrics.
Writer(s): Brandon Anthony Blue, Kendrick Lamar
AZLyrics
K
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
EP:
"Kendrick Lamar"
(2009)
Is It Love
Celebration
P & P
She Needs Me
I Am (Interlude)
Wanna Be Heard
I Do This
Uncle Bobby & Jason Keaton
Faith
Trip
Vanity Slaves
Far From Here
Thanksgiving
Let Me Be Me
Determined
Today
Vanity Slaves Pt. 2
You May Also Like
Tyler, The Creator - "RUNNING OUT OF TIME"
Runnin' out of time, runnin' out of time, runnin' out of time
Runnin' out of time to make you love me
Runnin' out of time, runnin' out of time
To make you love me

Secrets
Oh, you spin my head around...
Meek Mill - "Sharing Locations"
I got a little bitch from the hood I call her gang
She don't play with that bae shit
I be fuckin this NBA nigga bitch
'Cause she know I ain't never gonna say shit

New contract big like I play ball,...
ASAP Rocky - "Fashion Killa"
Her pistol go
(Doot-doot-doot, bang-bang, boom-boom, pop-pop)
Her pistol go
(Doot-doot-doot, bang-bang, boom-boom, pop-pop)
I said her pistol go
(Doot-doot-doot, bang-bang, boom-boom, pop-pop)
'Cause...
Pusha T - "Diet Coke"
Yesterday's price is not today's price
Like, like-like, crack-crack, like, like
Like, li-li-crack, crack, crack

Imaginary players ain't been coached right
Master recipes under stove lights
The...
Frank Ocean - "Ivy"
I thought that I was dreaming when you said you love me
The start of nothing, I had no chance to prepare
I couldn't see you coming
The start of nothing, ooh, I could hate you now
It's quite alright...
Search