Kendrick Lamar - Westside, Right On Time Lyrics | AZLyrics.com

"Westside, Right On Time" lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
"Westside, Right On Time"
(feat. Young Jeezy)
[The Sylvers (Kendrick Lamar):]
Pillars of joy can be found
Through the thought of you
I'll be troubled and bustled and scorned for your love
(Canei Finch on the beat)
(Turn the headphones up, Ali)
(Here we go)
[Kendrick Lamar:]
I woke up this morning with my dick on hard
Didn't know why 'til I said fuck all y'all
Or fuck this world, or I'mma fuck that girl
Good kid, m.A.A.d city, watch my day unfurl
I put my life in these sentences
Fucking right, it's either that or life sentences
I'm relatives with Benjamin
I used to give a fuck about my luck when I was innocent
Now what the fuck is up? I'm at your neck like a Pendleton
Nigga, I need that, bitch, I need that
Twenty-four acres and a mule, best believe that
They say he got smoke, like where the weed at?
And everything you hope, bitch nigga, we that
Pockets on Kelly Price back when it was '95
Buy a strap and then we cock it back when it's uncircumcised
Write a rap on how we just react when shotty hit the spine
Give you dap and then we slide through your hood three dozen times
So what's good? I'm looking for a pedicure
Pink pussy that pop, preferably the kind that don't stink
Bomb-ass head 'til she can't blink
And her eyes get watery, you gotta pardon me
I'm so damn turned
Wheeling in a two-door with two hoes that follow me
And you know, Westside, right on time, tell 'em hoes kudos
Eastside, right on time, they don't fuck with you though
When my hood getting to the money, the pedal never broke
Came a long way from the ghetto, dog, but
Westside, right on time, only thing for sure
Eastside, right on time, gunning through your door
[Young Jeezy:]
I woke up this morning like fuck the world
Been hustling since I was twelve, man, I've been through hell
Now these motherfuckers is trying to tell me I don't care
Trying to tell y'all motherfuckers, look, y'all wasn't there
Turned, posted up on the block, waiting for mail
From my niggas posted up in the county, praying for bail
Could've cost your boy everything, man, it wasn't cheap
Coming for a nigga, just don't sleep, shit for the weak
Got on my Malcolm X frames, now I count the check, mane
'Cause every time I speak, you hear my Malcolm X pain
Now them doors go up on that Lamb, they like judo
Young, you like your bitches with ass? I like you, hoe!
First, them bitches see me, I'm gone, I'm like Pluto
Plus, I keep them choppers that sing, they Mars Bruno
Brown bag full of cash, baby, MCM
When they ask me my name, I tell 'em MC him, straight up
[Kendrick Lamar:]
I'm so turned
Wheeling in a two-door with two hoes that follow me
And you know, Westside, right on time, tell 'em hoes kudos
Eastside, right on time, they don't fuck with you though
When my hood getting to the money, the pedal never broke
Came a long way from the ghetto, dog, but
Westside, right on time, only thing for sure
Eastside, right on time, gunning through your door
All praise go to the most high
All fades turn into a drive-by
Part ways from the streets, after fucking with police guaranteed
Last nigga did that died, don't you, don't you, don't you
Wanna live where the AK go for only 8K
Minus six racks, minus one on top of that?
Melee, stomp him out then drug him out like a date rape
Daytonas bending every corner while they say
I'm so turned
Wheeling in a two-door with two hoes that follow me
And you know, Westside, right on time, tell 'em hoes kudos
Eastside, right on time, they don't fuck with you though
When my hood getting to the money, the pedal never broke
Came a long way from the ghetto, dog, but
Westside, right on time, only thing for sure
Eastside, right on time, gunning through your door
All I ever wanted was a dollar bill and hundreds
And my teacher as my woman, when she smiled, I stick my tongue in
Plus some cartoons and some cereal, Snoop Doggy on my stereo
Some British Knights or LA Gears with glowing lights or Perry Ellis jacket
I would love a swap meet full of Chevrolets in candy paint
That's wet with Tammy on the bumper, can I hump her? Poppa tell me yes
A DPGC concert and a DJ Quik song on cassette
Twenty years later: hi hater, I'm the fucking best
I'm so turned
Wheeling in a two-door with two hoes that follow me
And you know, Westside, right on time, tell 'em hoes kudos
Eastside, right on time, they don't fuck with you though
When my hood getting to the money, the pedal never broke
Came a long way from the ghetto, dog, but
Westside, right on time, only thing for sure
Eastside, right on time, gunning through your door
Submit Corrections
AZLyrics
K
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
You May Also Like
J. Cole - "l e t . g o . m y . h a n d"
Soldier's song, marching on, on
Hoping to see home
If I die before I
See your smile just one more time

Sometimes I question whether this shit matters
Puttin' substance into something and the...
KIDS SEE GHOSTS - "4th Dimension"
"Down the chimney, he will come
With his great big smile
And you'll find that even the kiddies
Are swingin' in the latest style
Oh, oh, oh
What is Santa bringing?
Oh, oh, oh
I wonder whether he'll...
Dreamville & J. Cole - "Costa Rica"
Pyrex whipper
Pyrex I got big dreams so my watch got a big face
Girls get messy like a motherfuckin' mixtape
Smellin' like money and I'm lookin' like sex
I'm outside for real with the slimes and the...
Travis Scott - "90210"
{Dean, what's poppin'? Yo, Travis}
Mhm, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh
(Mama's bailing down that road, craving 9021) She a porn star girl, ah, from the valley
(Honestly, God bless)
Who left her...
Kid Cudi - "Tequila Shots"
Duh-duh-duh, duh, duh, duh
As he falls back deeper, into a state
The return (Dot Da Genius, baby, Daytrip took it to ten
Hey!)

That's my mind, it's speedin' by, I won't know
Askin' God to help or...
Search