Kendrick Lamar & SZA - All The Stars Lyrics | AZLyrics.com

"All The Stars" lyrics
Kendrick Lamar & SZA Lyrics
"All The Stars"
("Black Panther" Version)
(from "Black Panther" soundtrack)
[Kendrick Lamar:]
Love, let's talk about love
Is it anything and everything you hoped for?
Or do the feeling haunt you? (Haunt)
I know the feeling haunt you (Haunt)
[SZA:]
This may be the night that my dreams might let me know
All the stars approach you, all the stars approach you, all the stars approach you
This may be the night that my dreams might let me know
All the stars are closer, all the stars are closer, all the stars are closer
[Kendrick Lamar:]
Tell me what you gon' do to me
Confrontation ain't nothing new to me
You can bring a bullet, bring a sword, bring a morgue
But you can't bring the truth to me
Fuck you and all your expectations
I don't even want your congratulations
I recognize your false confidence
And calculated promises all in your conversation
I hate people that feel entitled
Look at me crazy 'cause I ain't invite you
Oh, you important?
You the moral to the story? You endorsing?
Motherfucker, I don't even like you
Corrupt a man's heart with a gift
That's how you find out who you dealing with
A small percentage who I'm building with
I want the credit if I'm losing or I'm winning
On my mama, that's the realest shit
Love, let's talk about love
Is it anything and everything you hoped for?
Or do the feeling haunt you? (Haunt)
I know the feeling haunt you (Haunt)
[SZA:]
This may be the night that my dreams might let me know
All the stars approach you, all the stars approach you, all the stars approach you
This may be the night that my dreams might let me know
All the stars are closer, all the stars are closer, all the stars are closer
Skin covered in ego
Get to talking like ya involved, like a rebound
Got no end game, got no ways out, got to stay down
It's the way that you making me feel
Like nobody ever loved me like you do, you do
You kinda feel like you're tryna get away from me
If you do, I won't move
I ain't just cry for no reason, I ain't just pray for no reason
I give thanks for the days, for the hours
And another way, another life breathing
I did it all 'cause it feel good
I wouldn't do it at all if it feel bad
Better live your life, we're running out of time
[Kendrick Lamar & SZA:]
Love, let's talk about love
Is it anything and everything you hoped for? (Ooh)
Or do the feeling haunt you? (Haunt)
I know the feeling haunt you (Haunt)
[SZA:]
This may be the night that my dreams might let me know
All the stars approach you, all the stars approach you, all the stars approach you
This may be the night that my dreams might let me know
All the stars are closer, all the stars are closer, all the stars are closer
Submit Corrections
Thanks to ravan for correcting these lyrics.
Writer(s): Alexander William Shuckburgh, Mark Anthony Spears, Solana I. Rowe, Kendrick Lamar Duckworth
"All The Stars" was released on January 4, 2018 as the top single to the soundtrack album of the Marvel movie "Black Panther".
The album version of the song features a little different lyrics than a single version.
The
music video
for "All the Stars" was released on YouTube on February 6, 2018.
AZLyrics
K
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
soundtrack:
"Black Panther"
(2018)
Black Panther
All The Stars
X
The Ways
Opps
I Am
Paramedic!
Bloody Waters
King's Dead
Redemption Interlude
Redemption
Seasons
Big Shot
Pray For Me
You May Also Like
Drake - "Nice For What"
I wanna know who motherfuckin' representin' in here tonight
Hold on, hold on

I keep lettin' you back in (You back in)
How can I explain myself?

Care for me, care for me, you said you'd care for me...
Famous Dex - "PICK IT UP"
Ayo big bro, you fucking with that? Hah, okay cool
That's my fucking brother right there, ya dig?
Dexter, ooh, wait Pick it up, pick it up, pick it up, groove
Baby girl. watch how you move (What)
I...
Kanye West - "Flashing Lights"
Flashing lights (lights, lights)
Flashing lights (lights, lights)
Flashing lights (lights, lights)
Flashing lights (lights, lights) She don't believe in shootin' stars
But she believe in shoes and...
Rae Sremmurd - "Swang"
Um, it's nasty
Uh, it's nasty
Uhmm
Know some young niggas like to swang, uhmm
Know some young niggas like to swang
Know some young niggas like to swang Know some young niggas like to swang
Know some...
French Montana - "A Lie"
Uh, ball star shit
(Coke Boy, baby)
Thought I'd have a little fun with it
Montana, Montana, ow
You know what it is when you're hearin' that, haaaaan
Yep, we gon' get it in, baby
(La música de Harry...
Search