Kendrick Lamar - Vent Lyrics | AZLyrics.com

"Vent" lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
"Vent"
(feat. Baby Keem)
[Kendrick Lamar:]
Have you ever been punched in your motherfuckin' face?
What you say? Oh, you haven't? Alright, wait, bitch
[Baby Keem:]
Two phone Baby Keem, fuck you mean? I am here, ho
Ice cream, booger colored piss, Sub-Zero
No, ho, hookers in my clique, we don't fear ho
Lit, lit, lit, lit, lit, lit, lit, lit
I got a way, I got a politic, I got a bae
Ain't no apologies when I get paid
A dermatologist, I want the face
Don't talk to me when I step in this bitch
Ho, ho, pussy watery, I got the tuna fish, ho, ho, yeah
Uh, these niggas actin' like groupie, huh
Lil' bitch, she wanna get mad 'cause I keep on lookin' all in her booby, huh
I got definitive options, my U-Haul movin', coochie to coochie, huh
I buy the toe when I shop it, rock band on toosie now it look spooky, huh, huh
Easy there boy, shit get greedy there, boy
I rep pg there, boy, my gang need me there, boy
If my sex tape leak, your bitch on TV there, boy
Watch her please me there, boy
Shit get greedy there, boy
I must admit, I am a mess, I cannot fix it, mh
Lil' baby thick, Margiela sweats, look at my dick print, mh
Fuck all the raps, if you confess, that is a big hit, huh
Fuck all the raps, if you confess, it get addressed, bitch
[Kendrick Lamar:]
Have you ever been punched in your motherfuckin' face?
What you say? Oh, you haven't? Alright, wait, bitch
I want the fade (I want the fade)
Give me my fade, I want the fade
I need the fade, I need my-
We gotta fade
Give me my fade (Fade)
We gotta fade (Fade)
Give me my fade, I want the fade
I, I need the fade, fade
Run me my fade, fade
I can't please everybody, not even me
I wanna please God, but my issues too deep
Bless up, gotta change my number every week
Enemigo, I got 'em hot, I got 'em greased
Shut the fuck up, can't you see my daughter sleep?
Shut the fuck up
Servin' up a look, dancin' in the drought
"Hello" to the rain man, never losin' count
Ventin' in the safe house, ventin' in the safe house
Can I vent all of my truth? I got nothin' to lose
I got problems in pools, I can swim in my faith
Cameras movin', whenever I'm movin'
The family suin' whatever I make
Murder his stackin', the president actin'
The government taxin' my funds in the bank
Homies attracting the feds when I'm brackin'
Look at my reaction, my pupils on skates (Whoa, whoa)
Everything jaded (Jaded)
Team on "Go", let's get it (Get it)
Green gon' grow like veggie (Veggie)
Casino on my debit (Debit)
Fuck your rhetoric, fuck your leverage
Chain no evidence, pass go, motherfuck Confederate
Flags on the back of the medicine
Distributed and peddled in ghettos and
Fuck your heritage, fuck your brainwash
Detergent, Internet urgent
Time travel in purges, every man and virgin
Fuck chatterin' sermons
Fuck your church propaganda, only God know the answer
We oblige in the cope of state of manic camouflage
Like a sheep so we slide through the cancer, lies and deceit
Vibe like a Phantom, dodgin' police and paramedic retreats
Wanna fuck y'all up for tellin' me "Your life was the one I want"
Been sellin' me concepts ever since I swung
From out of the pro tongue, dedicated myself for recreation
I rest my case, won
Servin' up a look, dancin' in the drought
"Hello" to the rain man, never losin' count
Ventin' in the safe house, ventin' in the safe house
Servin' up a look, dancin' in the drought
"Hello" to the rain man, never losin' count
Ventin' in the safe house, ventin' in the safe house
Submit Corrections
Writer(s): Michael Brown, Taz Arnold, Kendrick Lamar Duckworth
AZLyrics
K
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
You May Also Like
Mac Miller - "Kool-Aid & Frozen Pizza"
K.I.D.S
(You know what? You know what? You know what? Yeah)

Hey, Kool-Aid and frozen pizza
It's a work of art, I ain't talking Mona Lisa
Dream of rocking crowds, see me filling up arenas
This weed...
2 Chainz - "It's A Vibe"
Yeah, hahaha
Yeah, ooh
M-M-M-Murda
Yah That's a vibe (that's a vibe)
She wanna vibe, yeah (wanna vibe)
That's a vibe (that's a vibe)
Yeah, uh (that's a vibe)
That's a vibe (that's a vibe)
It's a...
Travis Scott - "Maria I'm Drunk"
Made it to L.A., yeah
Finally in L.A., yeah
Lookin' for the weed though
Tryna make my own dough
Callin' for Maria
Lost without Maria
Might dive in the marina
(Ooo-oooh, uooo-ooh)

So trust me,...
Tyler, The Creator, Brent Faiyaz & Fana Hues - "SWEET / I THOUGHT YOU WANTED TO DANCE"
No, no, no, no, no, listen, listen
(Call when you get lost, lost)
The driver gon' drop you off
(Call me when you get lost, lost)
A'ight, it's warm, the waterfall is crazy
I don't know, make...
Pusha T - "Diet Coke"
Yesterday's price is not today's price
Like, like-like, crack-crack, like, like
Like, li-li-crack, crack, crack

Imaginary players ain't been coached right
Master recipes under stove lights
The...
Search