Kendrick Lamar - The Only Nigga Lyrics | AZLyrics.com

"The Only Nigga" lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
"The Only Nigga"
Oh, Lord, oh, Lord
Pretty ass girl over there, come play on ma nappy hair!
Drizzy Drake, here we go, look
Bitch, I'm gettin' it how I live, I put that on my left rib
25 with no kids but this dick you can babysit
25 lighters in the sky, what life is a real nigga
20 Al-Qaeda bomb when I do sight 'fore I kill niggas
Passion my preference, Benjamin Franklin my medicine
The MVP let him in, I'ma fuck up his letterman
Jackets with pendants on them
And I got plenty war story, politic never depended on 'em
Uncle Sam never did shit for me, mamma made miracles
Choppers drove me hysterical, cartoons and cereal
Pyramids on Imperial, that's the projects
And I make that progress from a tedious process
I'm a problem better yet a prospect, fuck that I'm a Loch Ness monster
Conquer, Compton, Hail King K-Dot, aka them casings of AK just sprayed your way uh, compensate for shooting for the stars muhafucka, click, brrt
Shooting up the charts, muhfucka
See, a rich nigga will buy anything that you sell 'em
A broke nigga believe anything that you tell 'em
I let smokers pump my gas, but I do that very seldom
Drop your ass at the unemployment, the only way I help 'em
They call me a role model, I'm still a baby myself
Hungover from last night, got to speak at your school at 12
Hennessy with the Sprite had me bouncing like Rumpelstiltskin
They caught me rummaging through women, I'm laughing like Elliott Wilson
Pay me respect and pay me on my checks
My first 50 thousand collected paid off some street debts
You know killers that looked out for me back when I was hungry
We go back like Reebok classics and black and blue saucony
I got a genuine clean slate, never you ask for my fucking rate
Never I'm handing out favors, bitch, every show now is 200k
As I write down my new bucket list, I can look down on your fucking hate
Get the fuck up when I'm in your presence, you listen when I fucking say
"What the fuck you niggas want from me? The only nigga that I owe is God!
Huh? Huh? Drizzy
What the fuck these niggas want from me? The only nigga that I owe is God!"
Submit Corrections
AZLyrics
K
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
You May Also Like
YG - "Scared Money"
Why you bring that money to the club if you ain't throwing it?
How you naked on the gram but in person you ain't showing shit?
Why you go against the gang you can't beat 'em, nigga join it
Ain't tap...
Meek Mill - "Sharing Locations"
I got a little bitch from the hood I call her gang
She don't play with that bae shit
I be fuckin this NBA nigga bitch
'Cause she know I ain't never gonna say shit

New contract big like I play ball,...
J. Cole - "Crooked Smile"
Even though I... On my way, on my way, on my way down
On my way, on my way, on my way down
You're the one that was tryna keep me way down
But like the sun, I know you know I found my way back 'round...
2 Chainz - "Million Dollars Worth Of Game"
Ton'
And if the beat live, you know Lil Ju made it
Yeah
Yeah Bitch, who? Maybach truck and the coupe
Only time I'm goin' back and forth is for the juice
Feds still got me in court, shit crazy
Only...
Childish Gambino - "Bonfire"
OK, it's Childish Gambino, home girl drop it like the NASDAQ
Move white girls like there's coke up my ass crack
Move black girls 'cause, man, fuck it, I'll do either
I love pussy, I love bitches,...
Search