Kendrick Lamar - Celebration Lyrics | AZLyrics.com

"Celebration" lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
"Celebration"
For the record, I used to do a lot of humping when I was little
I got a lot of whoopings over that shit too, and that's random, but so what? Ha-ha-ha
Gimme that beat, fool
This a full time jack, no really this a Soundwave track
So really I ain't gotta steal nothing all I gotta do is kill it when you press record button let the paralyzed feel it
I came back with a full time swag and the critics thought they had me
Nah, I just bought more batteries
Turned up supercharged, a medium away from livin' large
Matter fact, where my niggas at?
Where my bitches with them pretty weaves?
Enemies bleed on the maxi pad, pussy you fucked with the wrong one I'm on one I'll make sure your kids breathe pneumonia
Good kid, mad city evil in my heart from the blood niggas fuckin' with me crip niggas tryna kill me
Malcolm X mind state, if I raise the crime rate, it's a legitimate reason why I put on repeat Kanye's "Touch The Sky"
But I'll be looking past that I'm tryna touch God
My heart to the heavens, the rebel of the reverend
Ya'll married to the game well I'm 'bout to crash weddings
I put a lot of pain in the shit I write
If you goin' through something, this is shit you recite
This is bigger than life
This is Kendrick Lamar
This is Jimi Hendrix guitar on tour, bonjour I mean war like that
Yeah, straight like that
People don't be shy
Release them balloons to the sky
I need the world to celebrate me! (One time)
You'll never know when I'm gone (Two times)
In 2010 I'm tryna ball, nigga!
Like shooting jumpshots in the mall, nigga!
That's a quote from Ab-Soul I suppose since you laugh that's the ultimate goal
On behalf of the Top Dawg conglomerate
Shall stay anonymous
Searchin' seven continents accomplishing big shit
Big ass, big tits she on me
And just to get to me she'll fuck the homies-homie's homies
The life of a cool nigga
My nigga Tony said "just do you, nigga!"
Sure improve, nigga
And they gon' play you for a fool that's for sure 'til they know you got the stinkiest stool, nigga!
I ain't trippin' I'm just tippin' on fo-fo's back in the city and tippin' on four hoes
That boy got a cold cold
He's sick con, slick on
Drop red jewels like a school bar mitzvah
Ooh
Straight like that
People don't be shy
Release them balloons to the sky
I need the world to celebrate me! (One time)
You'll never know when I'm gone (Two times)
Why ya'll complain about OGs?
I don't look at a legend and say you owe me
Not Snoop not Dre not Ice Cube
I don't care me and Quik went to the same school
I look in the mirror and do it myself like a self made nigga
I don't need a maid, nigga
Do I need a co-sign from Dre or Jigga?
They can make me much bigger, but do I need 'em though?
I just need a flow
The type of shit that make you think you seen Pac ghost "Me Against The World" on you motherfuckers
I got my back against the wall and a .45, dog get smoked, Chris Tucker
Uh, tryna record my steelo
Even when I'm not there just like TiVo
The hoes tell me that I got a real big ego
And weed move slow right now but E go
You know what I'm talkin' 'bout?
I look at your Audemars to put ya'll in time out
It's time to unveil the real and your career's 'bout as frail as Ms. Winehouse
Just salute, grab a flute and pull the wine out
Ooh, just like that
People don't be shy
Release them balloons to the sky
I need the world to celebrate me! (One time)
You'll never know when I'm gone (Two times)
Submit Corrections
Writer(s): Mark Spears, Kendrick Lamar
AZLyrics
K
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
EP:
"Kendrick Lamar"
(2009)
Is It Love
Celebration
P & P
She Needs Me
I Am (Interlude)
Wanna Be Heard
I Do This
Uncle Bobby & Jason Keaton
Faith
Trip
Vanity Slaves
Far From Here
Thanksgiving
Let Me Be Me
Determined
Today
Vanity Slaves Pt. 2
You May Also Like
Guy Sebastian - "Battle Scars"
The wound heals but it never does
That's 'cause you're at war with love
You're at war with love, yeah These battle scars don't look like they're fading
Don't look like they're ever going away
They...
J. Cole - "Neighbors"
I guess the neighbors think I'm sellin' dope, sellin' dope
Okay, the neighbors think I'm sellin' dope, sellin' dope
Sellin' dope, sellin' dope, sellin' dope

Yeah, I don't want no picture with the...
KIDS SEE GHOSTS - "4th Dimension"
"Down the chimney, he will come
With his great big smile
And you'll find that even the kiddies
Are swingin' in the latest style
Oh, oh, oh
What is Santa bringing?
Oh, oh, oh
I wonder whether he'll...
Mac Miller - "Congratulations"
Where are you?
Oh-oh (Hehehe)
Oh
The Divine Feminine, an album by Mac Miller
Oh-oh (The Divine Feminine, hehehe)
The Divine Feminine
Ooh (Hehehe, hehe) Am I supposed to? Okay... love
Love, love,...
Curren$y & Harry Fraud - "The Count"
Gang, jets
More money than these lames get
More weed on the plane
More diamonds on the chain
La Música de Harry Fraud

Um, backwards joints get rolled up
Learned that in Amsterdam
Learned as a young...
Search