Kendrick Lamar - DUCKWORTH. Lyrics | AZLyrics.com

"DUCKWORTH." lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
"DUCKWORTH."
[Bēkon (Kid Capri):]
It was always me versus the world
Until I found it's me versus me
Why, why, why, why?
Why, why, why, why?
(Just remember, what happens on Earth stays on Earth!)
(We gon' put it in reverse)
[Sample of Ted Taylor:]
Darling, I told you many times
And I am telling you once again
Just to remind you, sweetheart
That my—
[Kendrick Lamar:]
Oh, Lamar
Hail Mary and marijuana, times is hard
Pray with the hooligans, shadows all in the dark
Fellowship with demons and relatives, I'm a star
Life is one funny ma'fucker
A true comedian, you gotta love him, you gotta trust him
I might be buggin', infomercials and no sleep
Introverted by my thoughts; children, listen, it gets deep
See, once upon a time inside the Nickerson Garden projects
The object was to process and digest poverty's dialect
Adaptation inevitable: gun violence, crack spot
Federal policies raid buildings and drug professionals
Anthony was the oldest of seven
Well-respected, calm and collected
Laughin' and jokin' made life easier; hard times, mama on crack
A four-year-old tellin' his nanny he needed her
His family history: pimpin' and bangin'
He was meant to be dangerous, clocked him a grip and start slangin'
Fifteen, scrapin' up his jeans with quarter pieces
Even got some head from a smoker last weekend
Dodged a policeman, workin' for his big homie
Small-time hustler, graduated to a brick on him
Ten-thousand dollars out of a project housing, that's on the daily
Seen his first mill' twenty years old, had a couple of babies
Had a couple of shooters, caught a murder case
Fingerprints on the gun they assumin', but witnesses couldn't prove it
That was back when he turned his back and they killed his cousin
He beat the case and went back to hustlin'
Bird-shufflin', Anthony rang
The first in the projects with the two-tone Mustang, that 5.0 thing
They say 5-0 came, circlin' parking lots and parking spots
And hoppin' out while harrassin' the corner blocks
Crooked cops told Anthony he should kick it
He brushed 'em off and walked back to the Kentucky Fried Chicken
See, at this chicken spot, there was a light-skinned nigga that talked a lot
With a curly top and a gap in his teeth, he worked the window
His name was Ducky, he came from the streets, The Robert Taylor Homes
Southside Projects, Chiraq, the Terror Dome
Drove to California with a woman on him and five-hundred dollars
They had a son, hopin' that he'd see college
Hustlin' on the side with a nine-to-five to freak it
Cadillac Seville, he'd ride his son around on weekends
Three-piece special with his name on the shirt pocket
'Cross the street from the projects, Anthony planned to rob it
Stuck up the place before, back in '84
That's when affiliation was really at gears of war
So many relatives tellin' us, sellin' us devilish works, killin' us, crime
Intelligent, felonious prevalent proposition with 9's
Ducky was well-aware
They robbed the manager and shot a customer last year
He figured he'd get on these niggas' good sides
Free chicken every time Anthony posted in line, two extra biscuits
Anthony liked him and then let him slide, they didn't kill him
In fact, it look like they're the last to survive, pay attention
That one decision changed both of they lives, one curse at a time
Reverse the manifest and good karma, and I'll tell you why
You take two strangers and put 'em in random predicaments
Give 'em a soul, so they can make their own choices and live with it
Twenty years later, them same strangers, you make 'em meet again
Inside recording studios where they reapin' their benefits
Then you start remindin' them about that chicken incident
Whoever thought the greatest rapper would be from coincidence?
Because if Anthony killed Ducky, Top Dawg could be servin' life
While I grew up without a father and die in a gunfight
[Reversed:]
While I grew up without a father and die in a gunfight
Because if Anthony killed Ducky, Top Dawg could be servin' life
Whoever thought the greatest rapper would be from coincidence?
Then you start remindin' them about that chicken incident
Inside recording studios where they reapin' their benefits
Twenty years later, them same strangers, you make 'em meet again
Give 'em a soul so they can make their own choices and live with it
You take two strangers and put 'em in random predicaments
Reverse the manifest and good karma, and I'll tell you why
That one decision changed both of they lives, one curse at a time
Pay attention
But care
Cocaine quarter since one like this, immaculate concept
Loyalty, got royalty inside my DNA
I got, I got, I got, I got
So, I was takin' a walk the other day
Submit Corrections
Thanks to Lucas Proud, Beckley for correcting these lyrics.
Writer(s): K. Duckworth, P. Douthit
AZLyrics
K
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
album:
"DAMN."
(2017)
BLOOD.
DNA.
YAH.
ELEMENT.
FEEL.
LOYALTY.
PRIDE.
HUMBLE.
LUST.
LOVE.
XXX.
FEAR.
GOD.
DUCKWORTH.
You May Also Like
Jay-Z - "4:44"
Do I find it so hard
When I know in my heart
I'm letting you down every day
Letting you down every day
Why do I keep on running away?

Look, I apologize, often womanize
Took for my child to be born,...
Childish Gambino - "12.38"
Uh
Someone made a mess in my account (Someone sound like me, yes)
Someone bought a Patek in a panic (Yes, yes)
Forty Bentley addict, I go manic (Oh no)
Hit the oochie-coochie 'til it's slanted, ooh...
ASAP Rocky - "RAF v2"
I done came up (yuh)
Bustin' down a whole bag (bag)
Broke nigga, step back (what)
Why don't you peep a nigga's swag (yuh)
You don't even gotta ask (for what?)
What are those? What is that? (for...
Playboi Carti - "Flex"
100% Juice
KasimGotJuice
Uh (J. Cash Beats), ooh, ooh All of these bitches, they mad, ooh
All of these niggas, they mad, ooh
All of these bitches, they mad, ooh
All of these niggas, they mad, ooh
I...
MF Doom - "Doomsday"
When I was led to you
I knew you were the one for me
I swear the whole world could feel you MC I used to cop a lot but never copped no drop
Hold mics like pony tails tied in bobbalobs
Stop and stick...
Search