Kendrick Lamar - Look Over Your Shoulders (Demo) Lyrics | AZLyrics.com

"Look Over Your Shoulders (Demo)" lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
"Look Over Your Shoulders (Demo)"
(feat. NIKKI GRIER, Michael Jackson, Busta Rhymes)
[Michael Jackson (Busta Rhymes):]
Just look over your shoulders, honey!
(Yeah, I know, it's been a minute)
Got to know
Just look over your shoulders, honey!
Whenever you need me
Just look over your shoulders!
Whenever you need me
Just look over your shoulders, honey!
When you need me. Woo oh!
[Kendrick Lamar:]
I wrote my first bars in the car with Stacy
How bizarre, my battle scars at large would lace me
Big marbles, nigga
I lead this new generation, boy, don't argue with us
Marvelous beat selectors, authors and novel spitters
And it's all for the literature
And it's all for the hideous, the nastiest flows, the chlamydia, uh
I ain't afraid to say I need you, ah yeah (Hip-hop, hip-hop, hip-hop)
I promise I'd never leave you, ah yeah
My life is like twelve open mics of hopeless notes I write
For sure my folks unite soon as the flow get nice, the poltergeist
That scare emcees, my prototype for every, my share of deeds
And RIPs, you know my type of style is like my everything
Apparently my appetite they famished, bite no hand that feed
The culture vulture die and bleed
My focus hold these thoughts and dreams
Control this pen (Look over your shoulder)
Boldest lines of rhymes and things
Devote my time and mind it seems
Supposed to shine, remind I'm king
Provoke the blind and bomb the fiends
The pros, the cons of diamond rings
I'm full of time but I'ma bring
The soul divine and cross between
What's yours and mines, the goal the green
The roads that show just what it mean
Then grab Shakur right by the wing
And fly before my vocals (Scream!)
For hip-hop, look at my Ziploc
Bag full of goodies, you Chris Rock, hit the Pookie and piss stops
Since tube socks, baby, you a hell of a drug
Just look over your shoulders when they fuck you over, it's love
I know ya
[Michael Jackson:]
(Woo!) Don't you know, baby?
Don't you know, baby?
Just look over your shoulders, honey!
Whenever you need me
Just look over your shoulders!
Whenever you need me
Just look over your shoulders, honey!
Yeah yeah, you need me (Woo!)
[Busta Rhymes:]
Shh, look over your shoulder, get me?
'Cause I done bodied the game to the point niggas scared to rap with me
Kept burnin' 'til they anointed me one of the kings of black history
And yes, I see the game is a little different, niggas lack simply
Them bars and I spit 'em like darts 'til they puncture your kidney
You trash and it don't matter how much you gon' try to convince me
And you gon' make my gun cock and talk a whole 'nother way, yo
Whoa-oh-oh-oh-oh (Woo!)
I am the Buddha, the Ali Baba, the believer-er maker
So pristine, the dice roll from under my sleeve when I shake 'em
So rude, I'm so ice cold but I'm what you need to just wake 'em
All them crowns and medals on the wall waitin' for me to just take 'em
When I arrive, my theme music got a pound to it
And when I leave, even my shadow got a sound to it
'Cause I'm the god of the harder, the martyr, the father
I spit a saliva that's leaking a lava
Completin' the saga while meetin' and greetin'
And beating you niggas completely and conquer
Extremely bark on a nigga, you see me
And deeply carve up a nigga, believe me
Graffiti your armor, you heebie, you jeebie
Bikini your braud up (You guinea pig!)
See me now give me the startup and treat me, you greet me
And meet me with arms up
So sweet when I speak, have a seat, it was deep
I was sleep, now the god's up, hmm
Upholding the fundamentals, while most of you boast a rental
Focus on what's most essential, spit bars to provoke your mental
Do I have your attendamiento?
While I clap these raps like thunders
Look over your shoulder boy and wonder
[Michael Jackson {Nikki Grier}:]
(Wooh!)
Don't you know, baby? {Ooh, whoa}
Don't you know, baby? {Mhm, mhn, yeah}
Just look over your shoulders, honey!
Whenever you need me {When you need me}
Just look over your shoulders!
Whenever you need me {Whenever you need me}
Just look over your shoulders, honey!
Yeah yeah, you need me (Woo oh!)
[Nikki Grier:]
With God watchin' over us and me over your shoulders (All you had to do is look forward)
But what you gonna do, you pull the devil even closer (Why'd you pull the devil even closer?)
Them clowns that you hang with more ridiculous than white Cleopatra
Or Caucasians telling blacks to go back to Africa
But I digress, you're more, but you act less
Why do you act less even still, when the weight of life feels like a boulder (Just look over your shoulders)
I'm here whenever you need me
When you need me
Whenever you need me, when you need me
[Michael Jackson:]
(Wooh!)
Don't you know, baby?
Don't you know, baby?
Just look over your shoulders, honey!
Whenever you need me
Just look over your shoulders!
Whenever you need me
Just look over shoulders, honey!
Yeah yeah, you need me (Wooh!)
(Wooh!)
Don't you know baby?
Don't you know baby?
Just look over your shoulders, honey!
Whenever you need me
Just look over your shoulders!
Whenever you need me
Just look over your shoulders, honey!
Don't you know, baby?
Don't you know, baby?
Just look over your shoulders, honey!
Whenever you need me
Submit Corrections
Writer(s): Willie Hutch, Bob West, Berry Gordy, Dominick J. Lamb, John Cameron, Hal Davis, Kendrick Lamar Duckworth, Trevor Smith
AZLyrics
K
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
You May Also Like
Tyler, The Creator & 42 Dugg - "LEMONHEAD"
Y'all niggas know what's up
You say, you say pandemic? (Yeah)
Oh, you wanna see a pandemic? (Bunnyhop)
They should remove us from the game
I don't lean
This shit really get crazy
I don't lean
Gangsta...
Kid Cudi - "Mr. Rager"
I'm off on a adventure
Yeah.. We're good. This is dedicated to all the kids like me
I'm on my way to Heaven
Wherever you are, now
We're good

Birds seen flyin' around
You never see them too long on...
Dreamville & J. Cole - "Costa Rica"
Pyrex whipper
Pyrex I got big dreams so my watch got a big face
Girls get messy like a motherfuckin' mixtape
Smellin' like money and I'm lookin' like sex
I'm outside for real with the slimes and the...
Travis Scott - "MAFIA"
Custom the things, custom the wings
I had to custom the vibe, custom the link up
Cover the back of the lab, front cover magazine
Cover your eyes, cuddled up, back of the V (Yeah)
Our chemistry, just...
Frank Ocean - "Chanel"
My guy pretty like a girl
And he got fight stories to tell
I see both sides like Chanel
See on both sides like Chanel
Swimming laps through pool water
Heated like I'm underworld
Hide my tattoos in...
Search