Kendrick Lamar - Monster (Freestyle) Lyrics | AZLyrics.com

"Monster (Freestyle)" lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
"Monster (Freestyle)"
Nigga, tell the world
I'm Compton, Compton, nigga, I'm Compton
Big-ass condom, motherfuck your problems
Make sure that you don't bring your man to my concert
I want you to suck my whole band after concert
Compton, Compton, nigga, I'm Compton
Big-ass condom, motherfuck your problems
I'm killin' every instrumental and I cosign 'em
And no 360 deals, see, that's advance at McDonald's
I spazz like a wino, time and time a-
-gain, I often wonder where the time go, my daddy and my mom know
I stomp a rapper like a Kappa, beat him like a congo
Then speed off in a Bronco, O. J
Often reminisce about the old days, Hardaway/Alonzo
Back then, we was wearin' LA Gears with the rhinestones
Nowadays, I'm comin' headfirst like a rhino
I rhyme like I invented it, my wordplay is unlimited
Now nigga, spin my vinyl, club going ape shit
Rap like I ain't ate shit, shit on any A-list
Artist, you a novice, I'm recordin' on a spaceship
And we never nodded to your single, King K
D.O.T. is E.T.A. Primetime, new clothes
Close-minded niggas gettin' clothes-lined, I suppose
Bitch, I think I'm 2Pac, bitch, I think I'm B.I.G
Bitch, I think I'm Eazy-E, I'm Big L and I'm ODB
And OMG, I might OD, yeah, that be my new tape
That's appreciation tape, thanks for knowin' that I'm great
Middle finger to the fake... fuck you!
I'm the center of attention, Hut one, Hut two
And my bitch a mutt too, mixed with all type of shit
Got the keys to her pad like I'm 'bout to type and shit
Got 'em all hype and shit, I ain't even do nothin'
Screamin' out "Fuck the world", tell you when I'm through nuttin'
Compton, Compton, nigga, I'm Compton
Big-ass condom, motherfuck ya mama!
I go inside the studio, a suicide bomber!
I bomb on Obama if that nigga get in my way
I'm smellin' some vagina, y'all niggas is clitoris
Must be already dead, sayin' I ain't killin' it
I'm in the lead and winnin' it, feelin' like a stunt double
I'm convinced we already in hell, pass the blunt, devil
Y'all talkin' "Illuminati", I'm talkin' eliminatin'
Everyone, includin' Satan, Lord knows heaven waiting
I'm the best rapper alive! I'm the best rapper alive!
I'm the best rapper alive! Tell Wayne to swallow his pride
Y'all niggas talkin' that jive, I'm talkin' that Malcolm X
Martin Luther hustles through to dip right through your fucking set
I'm the best rapper alive! I'm the best rapper alive!
I'm the best rapper alive! Jigga man should've retired
I'm goin' after Kanye, Lupe Fiasco, and Nas
Snoop Dogg and mister Andre, Eminem, Busta Buss Rhymes
Y'all better bust no more rhymes, I'ma start bustin' your ass
If you walk wit' a Mack Truck, then throw a bus on your ass!
Y'all be no action, no pass, we gon' start bustin' on niggas
Choppers be bustin' on niggas? Chopper be bustin' on niggas!
Fuck you and fuck you fuck niggas, I'm do this for Soul-o
Ain't not countdown to fuck wit' us, TDE, that's the logo
And your bitch be my promo, yeah, she know my whole tape
I'ma make a nasty movie and make sure that ho tapes
They be like, "Oh no, wait, he's 'bout to take the whole cake
You goddamn right, got a big appetite wit' a big tapeworm, every day, I yearn
Another meal, I'm hungry, give some to my homie
Nigga, we made men and cavemen, livin' in the stone age
I got this ignorant type shit, from my uncle Tony
And may my nigga rest in peace, from heaven, I know you see
I'm Compton, Compton, nigga, I am Compton
A big-ass condom, motherfuck the LAPD
DA, and your honor got pumped up on Alondra
Trap my body, free my mind, hopin' y'all could see the sign
Kendrick
Kendrick, Kendrick Lamar
Submit Corrections
Thanks to Laidback Sean for adding these lyrics.
AZLyrics
K
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
You May Also Like
YG - "Who Do You Love?"
I'm that nigga with the plugs
I'm the nigga who got homies that be sellin' drugs
I'm the nigga on the back street
With the fat heat, niggas better run like athletes
I'm that nigga, I'm that nigga
My...
ASAP Rocky - "Jukebox Joints"
And I'm a man of my word, that I got nothing at all
So tell me now does it hurt or is it too late? I'm a man of my law
I gotta keep my weight up
But where do I land if I fall?
But never mind, I'm...
Tyler, The Creator - "PUPPET"
Ayo
I wanna talk, I wanna call you and talk
I wanna walk to your front door and knock
After I start my vehicle
Drive to your city 'cause we live an hour apart
Land at your driveway and put it in...
J. Cole - "Wet Dreamz"
Cole, Cole world, yeah
Let me take y'all back, man
As I do so well

Wasn't nothin' like that
Man, it wasn't nothin' like that first time
She was in my math class
Long hair, brown skin with a fat ass...
Mac Miller - "Small Worlds"
The world is so small 'til it ain't, yeah
I'm buildin' up a wall 'til it break
She hate it when I call and it's late
I don't wanna keep you waitin'
I hope I never keep you waitin', yeah

I think I...
Search