Kendrick Lamar - Vanity Slaves Pt. 2 Lyrics | AZLyrics.com

"Vanity Slaves Pt. 2" lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
"Vanity Slaves Pt. 2"
[Kendrick Lamar:]
I swear you people don't know Kendrick, you don't know him
But you say you want some more Kendrick, I'm 'bout to show 'em
Everything inside this human being, I'm still growing
I'm a premature baby in this crazy life that we adore
Doors on the Lamborghini, I want 'em
Can't afford 'em so I tell the swap meet to clone 'em
I guess I really am a vanity slave
I guess my ancestors turning in their graves
Burning money when I get it, fuck a life savings
Overdraft bank statements, just to make a statement
When I put this fashion on, I'm a fashion junkie
Picking cotton in the country, I bought this out the country
Whips and chains, whips and chains, Jacob know my name
He call me Kunta, you my brother, we come from the same modern world
That's ya girl? I see she rocking Fendi
Try this on
If it ain't upscale then you may offend me
Copping everything in sight, ignoring their sacrifice
Amnesia if I see the black visa in my hand tonight
I show my dick and then I swipe, that's a punchline
They was hot and I wore ice, that's ironic huh?
[Kendrick Lamar & Gucci Mane:]
Word around town that I'm all about the bitches
Word around town that I love my 26s
Word around town that I gotta stay paid
Lord please forgive me I'm a vanity slave
It's the Gucci cock and shoot
Found my swag but lost my roof, (Burr! Burr!)
Lord please forgive me I'm a vanity slave
See my Audemar tick, as my Audemar tock
Lord please forgive me I'm a vanity slave
[Kendrick Lamar:]
Aw man videos got me wanting hoes
Appetite for flashing lights, all I can do is pose
A black male... on Melrose. I should get blackmailed
By my people hell rose, niggas that ain't had shit
For 400 years overcompensate by over accessorizing with gear
Man y'all don't see my vision
I do it for the love of hip hop and the love of bitches
Am I a hypocrite 'cause everyday I'm contradicting
I think of how I'm living, then I watch "How I'm Living" I know this can't be right
My conscience tell me to stay righteous
It's unlikely to see what I like and say I don't like it
Biggest dilemma my priorities ignoring me, I wanna move accordingly
But baby steps are premature remember?
I'm flying to the south and I'll be gone 'til November
To see my family tree but this a shame I'm yelling, out, timber
[Kendrick Lamar & Gucci Mane:]
Word around town that I'm all about the bitches
Word around town that I love my 26s
Word around town that I gotta stay paid
Lord please forgive me I'm a vanity slave
It's the Gucci cock and shoot
Found my swag but lost my roof, (Burr! Burr!)
Lord please forgive me I'm a vanity slave
See my Audemar tick, as my Audemar tock
Lord please forgive me I'm a vanity slave
[Kendrick Lamar:]
Cold, oh so cold
How ironic he bought it then sold his soul
Is it masonic for your vice to take its toll?
The remote control is taking control
Lift up the doors
That Lamborghini I wanted come with a dumb ass model that in vogue
I like 'em both, I'll wife 'em both
Take these motherfucking Jordan's off, put on my loafs
'Cause nothing goes bad, every time I wear (Gucci)
I'm getting more ass, every time I wear (Gucci)
They told me it's a fad, every time I wear (Gucci)
But should I give a fuck when it bring me more coochie?
This a young nigga's pedigree, I pray the lord can better me
If not he 'bout to strike me down like this my third felony
The voices keep on telling me, Kendrick don't forget about us
I burned my wardrobe, hoping that I could live without it
[Kendrick Lamar & Gucci Mane:]
Word around town that I'm all about the bitches
Word around town that I love my 26s
Word around town that I gotta stay paid
Lord please forgive me I'm a vanity slave
It's the Gucci cock and shoot
Found my swag but lost my roof, (Burr! Burr!)
Lord please forgive me I'm a vanity slave
See my Audemar tick, as my Audemar tock
Lord please forgive me I'm a vanity slave
Submit Corrections
AZLyrics
K
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
EP:
"Kendrick Lamar"
(2009)
Is It Love
Celebration
P & P
She Needs Me
I Am (Interlude)
Wanna Be Heard
I Do This
Uncle Bobby & Jason Keaton
Faith
Trip
Vanity Slaves
Far From Here
Thanksgiving
Let Me Be Me
Determined
Today
Vanity Slaves Pt. 2
You May Also Like
Mac Miller - "Small Worlds"
The world is so small 'til it ain't, yeah
I'm buildin' up a wall 'til it break
She hate it when I call and it's late
I don't wanna keep you waitin'
I hope I never keep you waitin', yeah

I think I...
Frank Ocean - "Ivy"
I thought that I was dreaming when you said you love me
The start of nothing, I had no chance to prepare
I couldn't see you coming
The start of nothing, ooh, I could hate you now
It's quite alright...
Chance The Rapper - "No Problem"
You don't want zero problems, big fella!
Yep! If one more label try to stop me
It's gon' be some dreadhead niggas in ya lobby

You don't want no problems, want no problems with me, bih!
You don't...
J. Cole - "9 5 . s o u t h"
Killa, it's The Off-Season
Let's keep it tall, y'all ain't fuckin' with my man
And don't check your watch, you know the time
Cole World, Killa Cam', niggas is fuckin' finished (Yeah) This shit too...
ASAP Ferg - "Dreams, Fairytales, Fantasies"
Yeah, ah I call you Gata, 'cause you's a wild cat
You leave me with a big neck scratch when I hit it from the back
Pillow under your stomach, you like it like that
They catch you half-sleep so you...
Search