Kendrick Lamar - Untitled 05 L 09.21.2014. Lyrics | AZLyrics.com

"Untitled 05 L 09.21.2014." lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
"Untitled 05 L 09.21.2014."
[Anna Wise:]
Somebody said you bumped your head and bled the floor
Jumped into a pit of flames and burned to coal
Drowned inside the lake outside, away you flow
And that means the world to me
And that means the world to me
And that means the world to me
And that means the world to me
[Kendrick Lamar:]
Somebody said you bumped your head and bled the floor
Jumped into a pit of flames and burned to coal
Drowned inside the lake outside, away you flow
And this I know
I got 100 on my dash, got 200 in my drum
Name in the grab bags, put my Bible in the trunk
Taaka vodka on the top of my binocular, I'm drunk
How come I can make them popular, pop em' when I want
See I'm livin' with anxiety, duckin' the sobriety
Fuckin' up the system, I ain't fuckin' with society
Justice ain't free, therefore justice ain't me
So I justify his name on obituary
Why you wanna see a good man with a broken heart?
Once upon a time I used to go to church and talk to God
Now I'm thinkin' to myself, hollow tips is all I got
Now I'm drinkin' by myself, at the intersection, parked
Watch you when you walk inside your house
You threw your briefcase all on the couch
I plan on creeping through your fuckin' door and blowin' out
Every piece of your brain until your son jump in your arms
Cut on the engine, then sped off in the rain, I'm gone
[Anna Wise:]
Somebody said you bumped your head and bled the floor
Jumped into a pit of flames and burned to coal
Drowned inside the lake outside, away you flow
And that means the world to me
And that means the world to me
And that means the world to me
And that means the world to me
[Punch (Kendrick Lamar):]
(He drove alone, with a bottle of his own grippin' the handle)
Lit off Henny, I'm tryna dismantle
These wicked ways, I've engaged in such a gamble
'Cause I could speak the truth and I know the world would unravel, wait
That's a bit ambitious maybe I'm trippin'
Maybe I'm crazy, maybe I exist in a different dimension
Not to mention when I close my eyes I see the distance
It's such a scary sight so I rarely go to sleep at night
I watch the sun rise then I watch the sun fall
Studied the son of God and still don't recognize my flaws
I guess I'm lost, the cost of being successful is equal to being neglectful
I pray my experience helps you
As for me I'm tryna sort it out
Searching for loopholes in my bruised soul
But who knows?
I just need a little space to breathe
I know perception is key, so I am king
[Kendrick Lamar (Jay Rock):]
The other side has never mortified my mortal mind
The borderline between insanity is Father Time
I fall behind my skeleton, they tell me that I'm blind
I know that I'm intelligent, my confidence just died
(Carpe diem, seize the day, I can't compromise)
(A tapeworm couldn't cure this gluttonous appetite)
(A couple trinkets, they seein' me as I pacify)
(But couldn't fathom the meaning of seein' sacrifice)
I'm passin' lives on the daily, maybe I'm losing faith
Genocism and capitalism just made me hate
Correctionals and these private prisons gave me a date
Professional dream killers reason why I'm awake
(I'm sleepwalkin', I'm street stalkin', I'm outta place)
(Reinforcing this heat barking, these are the brakes)
(Before I blink, do I see me before them pearly gates?)
(Or this is just a mirage or a facade)
Wait
Submit Corrections
Writer(s): Kendrick Lamar Duckworth, Ronald N. La Tour, Daveon Lamont Jackson, Brock F. Korsan
AZLyrics
K
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
compilation:
"untitled unmastered."
(2016)
Untitled 01 L 08.19.2014.
Untitled 02 L 06.23.2014.
Untitled 03 L 05.28.2013.
Untitled 04 L 08.14.2014.
Untitled 05 L 09.21.2014.
Untitled 06 L 06.30.2014.
Untitled 07 L 2014 - 2016
Untitled 08 L 09.06.2014.
You May Also Like
Jay-Z - "Caught Their Eyes"
Ready for it
I'm ready for it
Yeah, ah

Eastside nigga with the feets high
Nigga with that Lisa, uh
Talking about that Lisa, nigga, with that Westside, nigga
With that Eastside, that dance, uh

Your...
Death Grips - "On GP"
I'm fucking tired of all the perks
I've tried nothing, everything works
For less I'm worth, I've served my bid
All fuck life wasn't what it is
All fuck life was just a bridge
I seen some free landed...
Frank Ocean - "Biking"
Uh, turn, what goes around comes around
Ayy, turn, turn the music up, uh, yeah
Goes around comes around
What goes, alright, like like
Life goes in cycles
Everything that comes around goes around...
The Alchemist - "Loose Change"
(Back with my people)
Uh
Yo, yo, yeah
Uh, uh, yeah, yeah

You be with the boys and I'ma be with the dawgs
Blood on the Travies, it serve as a challenge coin
I'm the voice, I had to speak for the org,...
Thundercat - "Black Qualls"
I just bought a crib on top of the hill
And I bought a brand new ride, am I keepin' it real?
There's nothin' wrong if you got it
I'm not livin' in fear, I'm just bein' honest

'Cause there's no more...
Search