Kendrick Lamar - Untitled 01 L 08.19.2014. Lyrics | AZLyrics.com

"Untitled 01 L 08.19.2014." lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
"Untitled 01 L 08.19.2014."
[Bilal:]
Come here, girl
Oh, you want me to touch you right there?
Oh, like a little lamb, play in your hair
Oh you want it? Oh you want it right now
Like that? I got you baby
All on you baby
Push it back on daddy
Push it back on daddy, baby
[Kendrick Lamar:]
I seen it vividly, jogging my brain memory, life no—
I seen it vividly, jogging my brain memory
Life no longer infinity, this was the final calling
No birds chirping or flying, no dogs barking
We all nervous and crying, moving in caution
In disbeliefs our belief's the reason for all this
The tallest building plummet, cracking, and crumbling
The ground is shaking, swallowing young woman
With a baby, daisies, and other flowers burning in destruction
The smell is disgusting, the heat is unbearable
Preachers touching on boys run for cover, the paranoid
Rapists and murderers hurdle alleys
Valleys and high places turn into dust
Famous screaming in agony
Atheists for suicide, planes falling out the sky
Trains jumping off the track, mothers yelling "he's alive"
Backpedaling Christians settling for forgiveness
Evidence all around us the town is covered in fishes
Ocean water dried out, fire burning more tides out
Tabernacle and city capital turned inside out
Public bathroom, college classroom's been deserted
Another trumpet has sounded off and everyone heard it
(It's happening) no more running from world wars
(It's happening) no more discriminating the poor
(It's happening) no more bad bitches and real niggas
Wishing for green and gold the last taste of allure
I swore I seen it vividly
A moniker of war from heaven that play the symphony
Thunder like number four, then I heard
"What have you did for me"
I fell to my knees, pulled out my resume
That dated back to June 17th, 1987
My paperwork was like a receipt
I was valedictorian, I was fearful of judgment
But confident I had glory in all my past endeavors
Close my eyes, pray to God that I live forever
Dark skies, fire and brimstone, some of us sent home
Some of us never did wrong but still went to hell
Geez Louise, I thought you said that I excel
I made To Pimp a Butterfly for you
Told me to use my vocals to save mankind for you
Say I didn't try for you, say I didn't ride for you
I tithed for you, I pushed the club to the side for you
Who love you like I love you?
Crucifix, tell me you can fix
Anytime I need, I'ma start jotting everything in my diary
Never would you lie to me
Always camaraderie, I can see, our days been numbered
Revelation greatest as we hearing the last trumpet
All man, child, woman, life completely went in reverse
I guess I'm running in place trying to make it to church
Young nigga act an ass
Young nigga act a fool
Young nigga get yo' cash
Young nigga do what it do
Young nigga go, young nigga go
Young nigga go, young nigga go
Whatever makes all of you happy in this bitch
Just take it all back before the light switch
Submit Corrections
Writer(s): Kendrick Lamar Duckworth, Ronald N. La Tour, Daveon Lamont Jackson, Brock F. Korsan
AZLyrics
K
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
compilation:
"untitled unmastered."
(2016)
Untitled 01 L 08.19.2014.
Untitled 02 L 06.23.2014.
Untitled 03 L 05.28.2013.
Untitled 04 L 08.14.2014.
Untitled 05 L 09.21.2014.
Untitled 06 L 06.30.2014.
Untitled 07 L 2014 - 2016
Untitled 08 L 09.06.2014.
You May Also Like
Drake & Future - "Jumpman"
If Young Metro don't trust you, I'm gon' shoot you
Yeah, ah, yeah
Halloween
Taliban, Taliban
I'm gon' shoot you (Yeah)

Jumpman, Jumpman, Jumpman, them boys up to somethin'
They just spent like two...
Big Sean - "Blessings"
Look
I feel blessed
Way up, I feel blessed
Way up, I feel blessed
(Straight up) I live the life I deserve, blessed
Fuck a vacay, I feel better at work
I mean, whatever it's worth, I give whatever...
Rae Sremmurd - "Look Alive"
I'm so far out of sight
Sounds about right

I'm so far out of sight
Yeah that sounds about right
Sounds about right
Kill this cup, not my vibe
Be the highlight of my night
Look alive, look alive
We...
Jay Rock - "Money Trees Deuce"
I told my niggas if you hold me back
From pursuin', ain't no comin' back
We gon' catch these Gs, now watch me do just that
Make these monies easy and watched 'em grew in fact
I told my niggas if you...
Ab-Soul - "Terrorist Threats"
Wicked as Aleister Crowley
You niggas know me
Wicked as Aleister Crowley
You niggas know me Kick your game, spit your flow
Can't fuck with this Top Dawg shit though
Kick your game, spit your flow...
Search