Kendrick Lamar - Opposites Attract (Tomorrow w/o Her) Lyrics | AZLyrics.com

"Opposites Attract (Tomorrow w/o Her)" lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
"Opposites Attract (Tomorrow w/o Her)"
(feat. Javonte)
[Kendrick Lamar:]
Uh, yeah, uh, yeah
Uh, yeah, uh
We hurt people that love us, love people that hurt us
Hurt people that love us, love people
I'm inspired, so get inspired
And so he said "Why you gotta be so kind-hearted?
Why you couldn't be a con artist? Why you couldn't?
Why you couldn't be mischievous or just a little devious
The moment that we first started?
Why you never ask for nothing, just a little time?
Why you let me use yours 'cause I don't got mines?
Why you always lift me up, when I'm completely giving up
And when niggas holler, "What's up?" you give a dry response?
Why you giving me your last knowing you ain't got it?
Why you always buy me something when you going shopping?
Why you tell me that you love me?
Why you always thinking of me?
Want my company rather than going club hopping?
Why you treating my mamma like she your mamma too?
Why you making promises that you'll forever do?
Whatever just to make me happy, wanting us to have a family
These are exactly the reasons why I cheat on you" (Sometimes)
We hurt people that love us, love people that hurt us
Hurt people that love us, love people that hurt us
Hurt people that love us, love people that hurt us
Hurt people that love us, love people that hurt us
[JaVonté:]
Sometimes I, sometimes I feel we share
Nothing in common, it ain't fair
But where do we seem to fall?
Where do we seem to fall?
Tender love and care, once upon a time
Once upon a time, we was there
[Kendrick Lamar:]
And so she said "Why you gotta be so mean to me?
Why you don't know what you mean to me?
Why you always playing games? Why I feel like you ashamed
Out in public curse me out and make a scenery?
Why you got other bitches rolling their eyes at me?
Why text messages popping up saying, "Hi, Daddy"?
Why you treat me like I'm nothing? Why you always at a function?
I be wanting to go out but you don't ever ask me
Why you slip and say her name when we having sex?
Why you always assuming that I still like my ex?
Every time we get into it, I'm the one that's feeling stupid
You don't need me, you gon' leave me, that's your favorite threat
Why you never know how it feel to be lonely?
Why I feel I'm the last option after your homies?
Why you always gotta know that I will never let you go
Even though you get violent and put your hands on me?"
Sometimes
We hurt people that love us, love people that
Hurt people that love us, love people that hurt us
Hurt people that love us, love people that hurt us
Hurt people that love us, love people that hurt us
[JaVonté:]
Sometimes I, sometimes I feel we share
Nothing in common, it ain't fair
But where do we seem to fall?
Where do we seem to fall?
Tender love and care, once upon a time
Once upon a time, we was there
[Lamont Carey:]
She says she loves me
She says she loves me
So she clings to me, even when I want to be left alone
But she's beautiful
Like, sometimes, when I have things on my mind, she's the perfect person to listen
And she only gives advice, she says, when I give her a cue
She says she loves me
Like when I wake up in the morning, she's sitting on the edge of the bed with a plate of food, wanting to feed me
She says she needs me
She says she loves me
Or like when I'm stepping out of the shower, she's standing there with the towel, wanting to, wanting to dry me off
She says, she says she loves me
So instead of admitting that she has made another mistake
She says she loves me... and I don't know about love
Submit Corrections
AZLyrics
K
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
mixtape:
"Overly Dedicated"
(2010)
The Heart Pt. 2
Growing Apart (To Get Closer)
Night Of The Living Junkies
P&P 1.5
Alien Girl (Today With Her)
Opposites Attract (Tomorrow w/o Her)
Michael Jordan
Ignorance Is Bliss
R.O.T.C (Interlude)
Barbed Wire
Average Joe
H.O.C
Cut You Off (To Grow Closer)
Heaven & Hell
She Needs Me (Remix)
(Bonus Track)
I Do This (Remix)
(Bonus Track)
You May Also Like
WZRD - "Teleport 2 Me, Jamie"
Gettin in from the airport,
You're gettin in from your study group,
The only thing missing at this point is bonafide chillin time with you,
I can't stand the times when I'm alone at night and I feel...
Bryson Tiller - "Let Me Explain"
It's been a long time
I guess I just miss the old days
You remember...all them times

You used to come keep me company
Tell me you love me and just me
Oh and it took a while to trust me
Girl I had to...
Ab-Soul - "The Law"
Love, yeah, love
Love is the law, love is the only law
Love is the law, love is the only law, yeah
Love, yeah
Love is the law, love is the only law
You should, you should do thou wilt
You should......
Jhené Aiko - "Comfort In Ending"
One, two, one two...
Thought I told you not to trust these hoes
Say they love you, when you know they don't
Say they will, but shit, you know they won't
Yeah, you hear me, you don't feel me, though...
Mac Miller - "Congratulations"
Where are you?
Oh-oh (Hehehe)
Oh
The Divine Feminine, an album by Mac Miller
Oh-oh (The Divine Feminine, hehehe)
The Divine Feminine
Ooh (Hehehe, hehe) Am I supposed to? Okay... love
Love, love,...
Search