Kendrick Lamar - My People Lyrics | AZLyrics.com

"My People" lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
"My People"
(feat. Jay Rock)
My people don't love me
Why we hate each other?
Why we kill our brothers? Why we hurt our mothers?
My people don't love me
We can love one another
We should stick together 'cause we're all we got
My people don't love me
Why we ride on another, need to love one another
We all we got
My people don't love me (Huh)
I said we all we got, I swear to God, dog we all we got
My people don't love me
This whole world's spillin' senseless killin'
Universe beyond evil, one topic to serve
Be my black people, we be missin' the point like Shaq's freethrow
Sean Taylor, life gone because of haters
A nigga he known tried home invasion, went wrong
Bullet penetrated his leg, femur bone
Days later, wake arrangements, flowers to be catered
That was so impatient, take him from the next man
'Cause he ain't got the will to hustle like he can
Niggas would rather steal than think of a righteous plan
To get residuals, kill for dividends
This life is critical, we livin' in a time where 9-year olds tote .9's
Turn 10, it's MAC 10's and coke lines
I wonder why successful black man gotta die from a black man
My people don't love me
Why everywhere I go, I got to accumulate some hate?
My people don't love me
Genocide all we know, shit, we basically in the KKK (Alright)
OK-K-K, I'm tryin' to make my cake
But every time I turn around you take it from me, so
Black people don't love me
Hate each other we do each other wrong
That's why today, black people let's love, we
Can't be a positive black role model
Leadin the future with no haters to follow
Now that's fucked up, if I ever wanna see
Success, I gotta see death? Be famous for what?
He aimin' for higher learnin', you aimin' to shoot it down
He flyin' straight, you wanna u-turn him
You burn your brother's bridges
His accomplishments making way for your children
Still you don't compliment, inconsiderate black pride
No, never been, never win, gotta lose
That's the slope that's for the black heritage
We play the fool better than comedians
Disobedient dude, no respect, ethics
I refuse to be a statistic
But changin' my community don't seem realistic
Show me an African American doin' right
I'll show you one that'll kill his ass tonight
Fucked up, baby
My people don't love me
Why everywhere I go, I got to accumulate some hate?
My people don't love me
Genocide all we know, shit, we basically in the KKK (Alright)
OK-K-K, I'm tryin' to make my cake
But every time I turn around you take it from me, so
Black people don't love me
Hate each other we do each other wrong
That's why today, black people let's love, we (Yeah, yeah)
We stuck together back in slavery days
Martin and Malcolm, them dudes paved the way
The bullshit we doin', I know they're turnin' over in their graves
The shit need to stop today
Yeah, the die for the cause, some like Jesus for us
To become better people, think about it
We used to run from the KKK
But now we runnin' from our brothers that be holdin' them 'K's
Man, never thought there'd be days like this
Can't trust your homies that you're hangin' with
Damn shame, why you kill a nigga over a chain?
When you could get up on your hustle and get the same thing
United, we stand tall, divided, we all fall
Let's leave this bullshit behind y'all
On the real, the envy and the hate need to stop
Black people we all we got
My people don't love me
Why everywhere I go, I got to accumulate some hate?
My people don't love me
Genocide all we know, shit, we basically in the KKK (Alright)
OK-K-K, I'm tryin' to make my cake
But every time I turn around you take it from me, so
Black people don't love me
Hate each other we do each other wrong
That's why today, black people let's love, we
Yeah, y'all better wake up and smell the coffee, uh
We all we got, man
It's black on black killin' each other, man, it need to stop, real talk (Hehehe)
Black people need to smarten up
We all we got
Submit Corrections
Thanks to LBizkitKRock for adding these lyrics.
AZLyrics
K
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
You May Also Like
Griselda - "Moselle"
A landslide, nigga
Huh, this shit is, this shit is a landslide, nigga

Uh, this the theme music for the pie stretchers (Whip up)
I whipped five, I got five extras (Hah)
Three Everybody is F.O.O.D...
Curren$y - "The Day"
Wack niggas sleep rappin' and woke up in trouble
Wack niggas with that sleep rap and then woke up in trouble
You were cool ten years ago, you fucking Lex Bubbles
Yeah

Brand new tires, Rollin down...
EARTHGANG - "Fire Kicking Tree Limbs"
Sittin' here, room getting smaller by the minute
Ain't enough space to fucking pivot
Ain't enough God in they eyes for forgiveness
We be in them trenches
Mind your fuckin' business
In the city where...
The Underachievers - "Melody Of The Free"
You niggas couldn't fuck with me, even on a bad trip on acid
Or psilocybin, some hashish could get disastrous
But foe or no-foe, don't lose your soul indigo
There's loopholes on the globe if you...
Joe Budden - "Wake"
New Joe Budden!
Good afternoon everyone. I'm Kenny Powers. If you're here and you're someone Shane cared about, or someone Shane loved. Or maybe you're just somebody who has no business being here...
Search