Kendrick Lamar - H.O.C Lyrics | AZLyrics.com

"H.O.C" lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
"H.O.C"
H.O.C., H.O.C.
All the real smokers get me H.O.C.
All the real smokers get me H.O.C.
H.O.C., H.O.C.
All the real smokers get me H.O.C.
All the real smokers get me H.O.C.
Everybody know I spit that other shit
Shit that make you duck for cover shit
Shit that make you hop out your seat and slap your mother shit
Especially when Drop drop the beat
I drop jewels like my nuts dropped out of my briefs
Jump in the booth and shatter every rapper's dream
They jump in a sauna because I killed their self-esteem
That's a jab, you should bob and weave
Like Pam when Martin pulled jokes out his sleeve
I go in studio sessions and feel like a nerd
'Cause I'm the only nigga there not smoking no herb
You telling me the kush make you think on level four?
I'm on five, you saying that I can level more?
In high school, my teachers thought I was smoking stress
Didn't know my eyes low 'cause of genetic defects
I stimulate my mind every time I think about the end of time
Creation of man, and Columbine
Bet you think that this some high shit that I wrote
Probably think I'm off the kush or the hydro
(Nope) I don't even smoke, I don't even smoke
I don't even smoke, I don't even smoke
I really appreciate that you share your Indo
But a sip of Henny is the farthest I would go
I don't even smoke, I don't even smoke
I don't even smoke, I don't even smoke
Look, nowadays everybody think they're big chiefers
Just 'cause they heard that new tape from Wiz Khalifa
Knowing damn well they can't hit the sour
They're new booties, they probably need baby powder
My skill shower over your city for 40 days
40 nights, off the chain, like freedom of slaves
Before you get it twisted, like 40 gays
My flow worth the earth, that's not to be appraised
Those the type of lines that I'm talking 'bout
You know the type of rhymes you don't talk about
Copy my session on a disc when the session ends
So my mamma can have it and play it for her friends
Brag on me, like "My son's 'bout to win
Somehow, someday, and I don't care when"
I might hit the gin once a month
I'll let you inhale, like an atheist
Bet you think that this some high shit that I wrote
Probably think I'm off the kush or the hydro
(Nope) I don't even smoke, I don't even smoke
I don't even smoke, I don't even smoke
I really appreciate that you share your Indo
But a sip of Henny is the farthest I would go
I don't even smoke, I don't even smoke
I don't even smoke, I don't even smoke
I'll take you back to the 9th grade
When Dough Boy had me high for 4 days
That's my nigga, he a street nigga
Probably in your hood, fucking up your street, nigga
But anyway I think it was some purple
Told me, "Don't hit it hard because it'll hurt you."
I didn't listen, I was floating like the Rose Parade
Swear to God a nigga seen some flying fishes
That was the Vegas trip, Hooters sponsored
The same time I start writing like a fucking monster
I'm Frankenstein every time this motherfucker ponders
Just underline every letter, capital K-D-O-T
Laying it flat out, like a tire with slow leaks
Now what you 'bout? Nothing huh
Am I a square 'cause I don't puff a square?
Are my raps too blunt to hit the blunt? Yeah
Bet you think that this some high shit that I wrote
Probably think I'm off the kush or the hydro
(Nope) I don't even smoke, I don't even smoke
I don't even smoke, I don't even smoke
I really appreciate that you share your Indo
But a sip of Henny is the farthest I would go
I don't even smoke, I don't even smoke
I don't even smoke, I don't even smoke
H.O.C., H.O.C.
All the real smokers give me H.O.C
(Bitch I'm blowed!)
Submit Corrections
Writer(s): Kendrick Lamar, Darrell Baker
AZLyrics
K
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
mixtape:
"Overly Dedicated"
(2010)
The Heart Pt. 2
Growing Apart (To Get Closer)
Night Of The Living Junkies
P&P 1.5
Alien Girl (Today With Her)
Opposites Attract (Tomorrow w/o Her)
Michael Jordan
Ignorance Is Bliss
R.O.T.C (Interlude)
Barbed Wire
Average Joe
H.O.C
Cut You Off (To Grow Closer)
Heaven & Hell
She Needs Me (Remix)
(Bonus Track)
I Do This (Remix)
(Bonus Track)
You May Also Like
Miguel - "How Many Drinks?"
Frustration (watching you dance)
Hesitation (to get in them pants)
Come closer baby (so I can touch)
One question: "Am I moving too fast?"

'Cause I ain't leaving alone
Feel like I could be honest...
Trinidad James - "All Gold Everything"
This shit sound like 007 on N64 and shit
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
James Gold all in my chain, gold all in my ring
Gold all in my watch
Don't believe me, just watch
Nigga nigga nigga
Don't...
Common - "Go!"
(Go) go, go, go, go, go and on the count of three
(Go) go, go, go, go, go and on the count of three
(Go) go, go, go, go, go, go
Uh, on the count of three everybody run back to your fantasy, now
(Go)...
Wiz Khalifa - "Mezmorized"
It's young Khalifa man
Paper Plane Gang
5-0-1 young
Ay, shout out to my brother Spitta, man
I just wanted to say that
And your bitch could see this shit from across the street, nigga
It's pimpin'...
Lupe Fiasco - "Old School Love"
Give me that old school love right now
You know when I hold you, you won't be alone... As long as I'm here
As long as you love me
Give me that old school love right now Give me that late 80s early...
Search