Kendrick Lamar - Beyonce Lyrics | AZLyrics.com

"Beyonce" lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
"Beyonce"
Man, Beyoncé, I'm mad at you
Man
They say, "Hello" (Ayy), "Hello" (Ayy)
I can daydream about Beyoncé all day
Thinkin' 'bout the good times 'fore she met Jay
See ya know
They say, "Hello" (Ayy), "Hello" (Ayy)
I really thought I had a chance to be your man
Until I seen the video with the ring on your hand
It hurt me so
I remember you were sixteen on the TV screen with Wyclef
Were you my type? Oh God, yes, I was impressed
You was like "No, no, no," I was like 12 years old
Hoping that one day I could chaperone while you were on the road
You wore braids with a bangin' body
Look like you did Pilates, a lot of sit-ups probably
But bump that, I was there from the start
Even when Latoya Luckett and that other doo-doo bucket broke your heart
Hope you didn't cry cause honestly they were just so-so
They couldn't sing anyway, you deserve to go solo
No disrespect to Kelly and Michelle, I'm just sayin' they cool
But you? You are somethin' like Wonder Woman
And I just wanna hold your hand, bring you to Compton
Gonzales Park, we can build castles in the sand
Eatin' hot Cheetos with pickle juice in it
Put that napkin down, you know I'll lick your fingers when you're finished
They say, "Hello" (Ayy), "Hello" (Ayy)
I can daydream about Beyoncé all day
Thinkin' 'bout the good times 'fore she met Jay
See ya know
They say, "Hello" (Ayy), "Hello" (Ayy)
I really thought I had a chance to be your man
Until I seen the video with the ring on your hand
It hurt me so
I just bought the Sasha Fierce CD
Gazed at the cover for a whole 5 minutes, 'til my girlfriend hit me
She jealous of you, 'cause I don't love her like I love you
I even make her do the "uh-oh, uh-oh," just like you do
She tell me I'm obsessed, I tell her we connect
Like Ice Cube way before the Mac 10 feud
She's like, "You goddamn fool, that girl's rich and you're broke"
I said, "So? I'm only 500 mil' away, there's still hope"
Anyway, I had feelings even way before you got paid
And I didn't laugh when you bust your ass on the stage
And I salute Kanye for takin' up for you
I would've stole the award just to prove that I love you
But Jay should've did that I thought he had your biz-ack
What happened, Mr. Izzo? Hopico? Fredrico?
He used to be my favorite 'til he abandoned my diva
Now I tell everybody, Nas had killed him on "Ether"
They say, "Hello" (Ayy), "Hello" (Ayy)
I can daydream about Beyoncé all day
Thinkin' 'bout the good times 'fore she met Jay
See ya know
They say, "Hello" (Ayy), "Hello" (Ayy)
Hopefully, I still have a chance
Maybe if I sabotage your man
You never know, hm
I'ma sneak backstage at a Mary J Blige concert
With an "I love Mary" shirt, then find Jay-Z
And push him into a dancer, hopefully, they lock lips
That's when I yell out, "Sounwave, hurry up take the pic!"
Put it on Bossip the same night, yeah, that sound quite right
Publicity like that? Yep, they'd be sure to fight
Better yet, I'ma steal her cell, then call up Affion
He impersonates Jay well, get Beyoncé on the line
Then make up some bogus shit, like, "You don't rub the back of my knees right
So this marriage is over with
And the ring that's on my finger? Guess what? I'm throwin' it!
Cling, you heard the sound, so you know I did"
Ha ha that should get 'em
That should break em up like a Kit Kat when I do that, yeah, true that
I'ma put the plan in motion, that's for sure
But if I end up with Macy Gray, this plan never work
Yee, man, I hope Jay don't be mad at me 'bout this song
Start-ay, Wizzle start me back from like the first verse
Like right before I come in
Ha ha, what you say? Nah, you think it'll be hot, for real though?
Nigga, you stupid, they probably laughin' as hard as you
Nigga got the best wife in the world and shit
Run that back, though
Submit Corrections
AZLyrics
K
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
You May Also Like
Frank Ocean - "Biking"
Uh, turn, what goes around comes around
Ayy, turn, turn the music up, uh, yeah
Goes around comes around
What goes, alright, like like
Life goes in cycles
Everything that comes around goes around...
Mac Miller - "2009"
Yeah
Eric
Well

I don't need to lie no more
Nowadays all I do is shine, take a breath and ease my mind, and
She don't cry no more
She tell me that I get her high 'cause an angel's s'posed to fly,...
Dreamville & J. Cole - "Costa Rica"
Pyrex whipper
Pyrex I got big dreams so my watch got a big face
Girls get messy like a motherfuckin' mixtape
Smellin' like money and I'm lookin' like sex
I'm outside for real with the slimes and the...
Tyler, The Creator - "SMUCKERS"
For your boy
I'm watching Freaks and Geeks with the trampoline on the floor
I'm tryna cop the new McLaren with the vertical doors
Nigga

Money, money, money, money, money ain't the motive
What's...
Chief Keef - "Faneto"
Ayy, gang, gang, nigga
Gang, gang, nigga, nigga
(Sosa on the beat)
Gang in this bitch, gang in this bitch, nigga
Gang in this bitch, gang in this bitch, nigga
Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy
(Gang in this bitch,...
Search