Kendrick Lamar - Growing Apart (To Get Closer) Lyrics | AZLyrics.com

"Growing Apart (To Get Closer)" lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
"Growing Apart (To Get Closer)"
(feat. Jhene Aiko)
[Jhene Aiko (Kendrick Lamar):]
Where are we going? Why are we slowing down
Where are you going? We should be growing now
(Smoke to it nigga, smoke to it nigga )
Where are we going? We should be slowing down
Where are you going? We should be growing now
[Kendrick Lamar:]
That's what she said to me, that place I used to call home
Is just a bed to me
We don't even sleep, neighbors can hear her weep
Meanwhile I'm in these streets with everybody, I'm trying to get it
And she know they got me, I watch her feelings watch me
As they staring with the saddest eyes of loneliness
Look each other in the face and barely blink
I tried to make it right but the pen ran out of ink
So if my letters don't reach you, I hope these lyrics in sync
[Jhene Aiko:]
Where are we going? Why are we slowing down
Where are you going? We should be growing now
[Kendrick Lamar:]
That's what it said to me
But the place I call ambition now dead to me
Gone and forgotten, I'm off track like Dale Earnhardt
My liver rotten, alcoholic tripping
Fucking bad bitches and they got bad intentions
Club night, guys and dolls
Balling out but I'm 'bout to drop the ball
I'm calling out for help, my engineer called
Told me come to the studio but I wanna tell him, nah
[Jhene Aiko:]
Where are we going? Why are we slowing down
Where are you going? We should be growing now
[Kendrick Lamar:]
That's what he said to me
But that place we call Heaven's unfair to me
Only a hundred and forty-four can go
Seven billion people on planet Earth today
Is there something that I don't know
I know to follow Him rather following people
Or follow vanity 'cause that means I'm following evil
Guess I'm following evil, I should follow cathedral
Blessings I need but live like I don't need you
[Jhene Aiko:]
Where are we going? Why are we slowing down
Where are you going? We should be growing now
[Kendrick Lamar:]
So in conclusion
We all seem to stumble, planning our own demise
Forgetting the big picture and making it wallet size
So to what is important in my life, I apologize
I promise to stay faithful, focused and sanctified
We all get distracted, the question is
Would you bounce back or bounce backwards?
Would you not know how to act or take action?
It's just a part of life and if your vision's impaired, you probably lose it all tonight
[Jhene Aiko:]
Tryna visualize how to get it right but my vision's so blurry
Tryna slow it down, stay close to the ground, but we're always in a hurry now
And if I could make this world spin a little slower, then I would
Then we could grow a little closer, I think we're getting closer
I think we're getting closer
Submit Corrections
AZLyrics
K
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
mixtape:
"Overly Dedicated"
(2010)
The Heart Pt. 2
Growing Apart (To Get Closer)
Night Of The Living Junkies
P&P 1.5
Alien Girl (Today With Her)
Opposites Attract (Tomorrow w/o Her)
Michael Jordan
Ignorance Is Bliss
R.O.T.C (Interlude)
Barbed Wire
Average Joe
H.O.C
Cut You Off (To Grow Closer)
Heaven & Hell
She Needs Me (Remix)
(Bonus Track)
I Do This (Remix)
(Bonus Track)
You May Also Like
Ab-Soul - "Empathy"
I got seven hundred dollars from my last show
And I would spend it all on you
So baby, won't you fall on through? (Fall on through) Empathy
Empathy
Empathy
Empathy It's been a little while since the...
Common - "Go!"
(Go) go, go, go, go, go and on the count of three
(Go) go, go, go, go, go and on the count of three
(Go) go, go, go, go, go, go
Uh, on the count of three everybody run back to your fantasy, now
(Go)...
Jay-Z - "Holy Grail"
You'd take the clothes off my back and I'd let you
You'd steal the food right out my mouth
And I'd watch you eat it
I still don't know why, why our love is so much, ohh
(Thanks for warnin' me,...
ASAP Rocky - "Purple Swag"
Smoke, Ty Beats
Better do it 'til we get right, uhh

This is for my niggas getting high on the regular
This is for my bitches getting high on the regular

Purple drink, I still sip, purple weed blunt...
J. Cole - "Lights Please"
Uh
Yeah
Yeah
Uh I had this little bad thing somethin' like them 10's
She gave a nigga mad brain somethin' like the wiz
But you see the sad thing fuckin' with her is
Is the chick ain't even have...
Search