Kendrick Lamar - u Lyrics | AZLyrics.com

"u" lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
"u"
[Kendrick Lamar:]
Loving you is complicated, loving you is complicated
Loving you is complicated, loving you is complicated
Loving you is complicated, loving you is complicated
Loving you is complicated, loving you is complicated
Loving you is complicated, loving you is complicated
I place blame on you still, place shame on you still
Feel like you ain't shit, feel like you don't feel
Confidence in yourself, breakin' on marble floors
Watchin' anonymous strangers, tellin' me that I'm yours
But you ain't shit, I'm convinced your tolerance nothin' special
What can I blame you for? Nigga, I can name several
Situations, I'll start with your little sister bakin'
A baby inside, just a teenager, where your patience?
Where was your antennas?
Where was the influence you speak of?
You preached in front of one-hunnid-thousand but never reached her
I fuckin' tell you fuckin' failure—you ain't no leader!
I never liked you, forever despise you—I don't need ya!
The world don't need ya, don't let them deceive ya
Numbers lie too, fuck your pride too, that's for dedication
Thought money would change you, made you more complacent
Fuckin' hate you, I hope you embrace it, I swear—
Loving you is complicated, loving you is complicated
Loving you is complicated, loving you is complicated
Loving you is complicated, loving you is complicated
Loving you is complicated, loving you is complicated
Loving you is complicated, loving you is complicated
Lovin' you, lovin' you, not lovin' you, 100° proof
I can feel your vibe and recognize that you're ashamed of me
Yes, I hate you, too
[Jessica Vielmas:]
(Loving you ain't really complicated)
"Housekeeping, housekeeping"
(What I got to do to get to you?)
"¡Abre la puerta! ¡Abre la puerta tengo que limpiar el cuarto!"
(To you)
"¡Es que no hay mucho tiempo tengo que limpiar el cuarto!"
(Loving you ain't really complicated)
"¡Disculpe!"
(What I got to do to get to you?)
(To you)
[Kendrick Lamar:]
And you the reason why mom and them leavin'
No, you ain't shit, you say you love 'em, I know you don't mean it
I know you irresponsible, selfish, in denial, can't help it
Your trials and tribulations a burden, everyone felt it
Everyone heard it, multiple shots, corners cryin' out
You was deserted, where was your antennas again?
Where was your presence? Where was your support that you pretend?
You ain't no brother, you ain't no disciple, you ain't no friend
A friend never leave Compton for profit, or leave his best friend, little brother
You promised you'd watch him before they shot him
Where was your antennas? On the road, bottles and bitches
You FaceTimed him one time, that's unforgiven
You even FaceTimed instead of a hospital visit
Guess you thought he'd recover well
Third surgery, they couldn't stop the bleeding for real
Then he died, God himself will say, "You fuckin' failed," you ain't try
I know your secrets, nigga, mood swings is frequent, nigga
I know depression is restin' on your heart for two reasons, nigga
I know you and a couple block boys ain't been speakin', nigga
Y'all damn near beefin', I see it and you're the reason, nigga
And if this bottle could talk
I cry myself to sleep, bitch, everything is your fault
Faults breakin' to pieces, earthquakes on every weekend
Because you shook as soon as you knew confinement was needed
I know your secrets, don't let me tell 'em to the world
About that shit you thinkin' and that time you I'm 'bout to hurl
I'm fucked up, but I ain't as fucked up as you
You just can't get right, I think your heart made of bullet proof
Should've killed yo' ass long time ago
You should've felt that black revolver blast a long time ago
And if these mirrors could talk it'd say, "You gotta go"
And if I told your secrets the world'll know money can't stop a suicidal weakness
Submit Corrections
Thanks to Sergio, Bunny Roberts, joey, Rebecca, Jason for correcting these lyrics.
Writer(s): Michael Brown, Taz Arnold, Kendrick Lamar Duckworth
AZLyrics
K
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
album:
"To Pimp A Butterfly"
(2015)
Wesley's Theory
For Free? (Interlude)
King Kunta
Institutionalized
These Walls
u
Alright
For Sale? (Interlude)
Momma
Hood Politics
How Much A Dollar Cost
Complexion (A Zulu Love)
The Blacker The Berry
You Ain't Gotta Lie (Momma Said)
i
Mortal Man
You May Also Like
Freddie Gibbs & The Alchemist - "Something To Rap About"
Bitch
Nigga
Nigga bitch
Oogie-boogie nigga
Sniff it up
Fuck nigga came to my section on Sunday, didn't even bring shit or bottles, just ate, drank and dipped, fuck nigga
Ayy, ayo

Scammin' niggas...
Tyler, The Creator - "November"
Say some more, never want to talk about it
Feel a way, whoa
Feel a way, whoa
Feel a way, November

Take me back to November
Take me back to November
Hawaiian shirts in the winter, cold water, cold...
JPEGMAFIA - "1539 N. Calvert"
One, one
Yeah, she wanna sit on my lap
Yeah, she wanna sit on my lap
You think you know me
She wanna sit on my lap, yeah
She wanna sit on my lap
(Damn, Peggy! What-? Aye)
(She on his bare knees to...
Frank Ocean - "Novacane"
I think I started something
I got what I wanted
Did-didn't I can't feel nothing, superhuman
Even when I'm fucking, Viagra popping
Every single record, autotuning
Zero emotion, muted emotion
Pitch...
Dreamville & J. Cole - "Sacrifices"
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

Young nigga back from the dead
I don't know, I don't know, I don't know
Nigga...
Search