Kendrick Lamar - Night Of The Living Junkies Lyrics | AZLyrics.com

"Night Of The Living Junkies" lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
"Night Of The Living Junkies"
I remember, uh
When my uncles
Served smokers
On Alondra
In front of our building, they was my heroes
This shit is so dope, you might wanna be my crack hoe
This shit is so dope, you might wanna be my crack hoe
Bad bitches, crackheads, street niggas, crack hoes
This shit is so dope, you might wanna be my crack hoe
Uh, and that's scary to me
Dope beat, dope flow, vary to me
Especially when Sounwave is on his Ps
Nigga cue me in I'm a Peruvian drug lord
Don't fast forward, I'ma serve you some keys
This is crack cocaine, I'm Kurt Cobain
And I bang like a C-R-I-P
P-I-R-U, high you I'm a I-V
This shit is so dope, you might wanna be my crack—STOP
I said a I-V 'cause when I be in the studio, I shot
A needle in your veins, take it in vein
Or itch 'til your eyeballs pop
I'm cold on the cold turkey
I hate chickens but I do fuck pretty birdies
Where your girl at? Over the Pyrex, where my world at
This shit is so dope, you might wanna be my crack hoe
This shit is so dope, you might wanna be my crack hoe
Bad bitches, crackheads, street niggas, crack hoes
This shit is so dope, you might wanna be my crack hoe
Uh, and it's scary to me
Every listener is a strawberry to me
You pussies ain't shit but venereal disease
Z's on K.Dot? Uh-uh better wake up
A nightmare, I'm right there like a Siamese
Twin, when, you motherfuckers gon' learn?
Curl up like Big Worm when I drop
Who fly? I'm a red eye with eye drops
I Big, I Pac, you Chris, I Rock
That's Pookie on New Jack head first with a cyclops
I'm the first one to do that I bet you never knew that
Back like a tailbone, who you got to tell on?
If ain't about me about ho it be about face
If you ain't on higher—learning
There's soda in the pot and the fire—burning
This shit is so dope, you might wanna be my crack hoe
This shit is so dope, you might wanna be my crack hoe
Bad bitches, crackheads, street niggas, crack hoes
This shit is so dope, you might wanna be my crack hoe
Uh, and it's scary to carry
A smooth type flow like a drink of Merlot
That'll freak y'all out like a girl Virgo
When I turbo on any track, it's a Reynold's wrap
And I rap like a nigga who invented rap
Rapping heat, you can fall to defeat
If you don't pay ya tolls like the limbs on ya feet
I suppose this is bigger than life
This is probably everybody, Illuminati
Guess I'm the blood sacrifice of the party
I undress her like a Harley
Lights will flash, cars will crash
Smoke more junk while the junkies laugh
So my bad if I put you in rehab
You are reimbursed, put it on my tab
This shit is so dope, you might wanna be my crack hoe
This shit is so dope, you might wanna be my crack hoe
Bad bitches, crackheads, street niggas, crack hoes
This shit is so dope, you might wanna be my crack hoe
Aw dude, you're about to fuckin' OD bro
Submit Corrections
AZLyrics
K
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
mixtape:
"Overly Dedicated"
(2010)
The Heart Pt. 2
Growing Apart (To Get Closer)
Night Of The Living Junkies
P&P 1.5
Alien Girl (Today With Her)
Opposites Attract (Tomorrow w/o Her)
Michael Jordan
Ignorance Is Bliss
R.O.T.C (Interlude)
Barbed Wire
Average Joe
H.O.C
Cut You Off (To Grow Closer)
Heaven & Hell
She Needs Me (Remix)
(Bonus Track)
I Do This (Remix)
(Bonus Track)
You May Also Like
Frank Ocean - "Solo"
Hand me a towel, I'm dirty dancing by myself
Gone off tabs of that acid
Form me a circle, watch my Jagger
Might lose my jacket and hit a solo, one time
We too loud in public, them police turned down...
J. Cole - "Crooked Smile"
Even though I... On my way, on my way, on my way down
On my way, on my way, on my way down
You're the one that was tryna keep me way down
But like the sun, I know you know I found my way back 'round...
Chance The Rapper - "No Problem"
You don't want zero problems, big fella!
Yep! If one more label try to stop me
It's gon' be some dreadhead niggas in ya lobby

You don't want no problems, want no problems with me, bih!
You don't...
Big Sean - "Bounce Back"
Hitmaka
If Young Metro don't trust you, I'm gon' shoot you Last night took a L, but tonight I bounce back
Wake up every morning, by the night, I count stacks
Knew that ass was real when I hit, it...
Joey Bada$$ - "Head High"
Yeah
(Statik Selektah)

Time waits for no man, life is but a two-step slow jam
Dancin' with the devil, tryin' not to lose my balance
But God blessed the kid with many talents, he was chosen
It's why...
Search