Kendrick Lamar - War Is My Love Lyrics | AZLyrics.com

"War Is My Love" lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
"War Is My Love"
Look inside my eyes and tell me you see a warrior
I never felt the feeling of euphoria
Pain forever or prolong the pros and cons of prosperity is strong
Wake up in the morning and I gotta win
Not taking the victory, that's my only sin
And so I send a message to your messenger
A warning shot to let em know I'm serious
I'm ready for a war, when I roar it can break a glass window
The only thing for sure: the perfect way to bend you
On your back even if I gotta slither through the cracks
I can crack every code you deliver, I attack
Every hole where the bomb squad sit it on the tripod
Even if you try hard, he can still die hard
Run but you can't hide: white flags
You can pull em out fast and tell me your last goodbye
I will, I will climb the highest mountain
Before the flood comes
And all my fight is drowning in blood
What I got to lose? What I got to prove?
I guess war is my love
Make sure your next move is slick, your best move is nothing
You know I take risk: dark clouds, I love it
'Cause I can hide in the mist, hop out
And crush every soldier you're with, so I'm 6 for 6
I'm sick with determination: I'll terminate ya quick
I lead the pack, I follow no rules
I see the traps, I know you're close to
Falling on your face, unload, reload
Hand me another case, explode, explode
The fire of my eyes is waiting on your demise
I know you hope your help is close by
I will, I will climb the highest mountain
Before the flood comes
And all my fight is drowning in blood
What I got to lose? What I got to prove?
I guess war is my love
Submit Corrections
Writer(s): Kendrick Lamar, Mark Spears
AZLyrics
K
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
You May Also Like
Meek Mill - "Ima Boss"
Look I be ridin' threw my old hood,
But I'm in my new whip.
Same old attitude, but I'm on that new shit.
They say they gon' rob me, see me neva do shit.
Cause they know that's the reason that's gone...
Kanye West - "Black Skinhead"
For my theme song, my leather black jeans on
My by any means on, pardon I'm getting my scream on
Enter the kingdom but watch who you bring home
They see a black man with a white woman at the top...
Slaughterhouse - "R.N.S."
Once upon a time in the projects, yo
I'm at a cee lo game and my dice hit 4
That nigga rolled a 3 but I ain't get my dough
My hammer got a red light on it but I let that go
My whole life hidin' from...
Lupe Fiasco - "Bitch Bad"
Yeah
I say bitch bad, woman good, lady better
Hey, hey, hey, hey Now imagine there's a shawty, maybe five maybe four
Ridin' 'round with his mama listening to the radio
And a song comes on and a not...
ASAP Rocky - "Goldie"
Aha, aha
I said it must be 'cause a nigga got dough
Extraordinary swag and a mouth full of gold
Hoes at my shows they be strippin' off they clothes
And them college girls write a nigga name on they...
Search