Kendrick Lamar - Untitled Lyrics | AZLyrics.com

"Untitled" lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
"Untitled"
(feat. Anna Wise, Bilal, Terrace Martin & Thundercat)
So I met this young lady, ya know, when I went back home. I was tryna spit my best game to her, you know, give her my best cap, but she kept on snapping her fingers like
[*snaps*]
. I said, "You know what, girl? You crazy." Then she asked me what he said
(What did the Asian say?)
A peace of mind
That's what the Asian said, I need a divine
Intervention was his religion and now it's a prize
Him believing in Buddha, me believing in God
Asked me what am I doing, he said, "Taking my time"
Meditation is a must, it don't hurt if you try
See you thinking too much plus you too full of yourself
Worried about your career, ever think of your health?
(What did the Indian say?)
A piece of land
That's what the Indian said, I needed demand
Telling me longevity is in the dirt, buy some property first
Profit a better dollar with generational perks
Equity at his best, really, you should invest
These tangible things expire, don't you expect
Income with so much outcome and yes
Look at my heritage, we blessed
(Now what the black man say?)
A piece of nookie
That's what the black man said, I needed to push me
To the limit, satisfy my hunger
Do it all for a woman, hair cut to a wool
We like to live in the jungle, like to play in the peach
What you saying to me?
He said, "Homie, come back to reality for a week."
Nookie is power, cut on a new chick every night
I wouldn't be prouder, you should allow it
(What the white man say?)
A piece of mines
That's what the white man wanted when I rhyme
Telling me that he selling me just for $10.99
I go "Platinum" from rapping, I do the company fine
What if I compromise? He said it don't even matter
Make a million or more, you living better than average
You losing your core following, gaining it all
Put a price on my talent, I hit the bank and withdraw
Hit the bank and withdraw, hit the bank and withdraw
Put myself in the rocket ship and I shot for the stars
Tell me what you accomplished and what he said to the boy
I'mma make you some promises that you just can't ignore
Your profession anonymous as an artist
I don't target your market
You ain't signing your signature when I throw you my wallet
A lot of rappers are giving their demo all in the toilet
World tour, your masters, mortgage, I need ya
I holler, "What you do? What you say?"
I shall enjoy the fruits of my labor if I get freed today
What the black man say?
Tell 'em we don't die, tell 'em we don't die
Tell 'em we don't die, we multiply
Tell 'em we don't die, tell 'em we don't die
Tell 'em we don't die, we multiply
Tell 'em we don't die, tell 'em we don't die
Tell 'em we don't die, we multiply
Tell 'em we don't die, tell 'em we don't die
Tell 'em we don't die, we multiply
Submit Corrections
AZLyrics
K
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
You May Also Like
Mac Miller - "Congratulations"
Where are you?
Oh-oh (Hehehe)
Oh
The Divine Feminine, an album by Mac Miller
Oh-oh (The Divine Feminine, hehehe)
The Divine Feminine
Ooh (Hehehe, hehe) Am I supposed to? Okay... love
Love, love,...
ASAP Rocky - "Electric Body"
Yeah, yeah, yeah this year we finna make a killin' (Yeah)
Now the money stack up to the ceilin' (Yeah, whoo)

All I know is payback, all I rep is A$AP (Whoo)
Now we finna go off in the buildin'...
Kanye West - "I Wonder"
Find your dreams come true
And I wonder
If you know
What it means
What it means
And I wonder
If you know
What it means
What it means
And I wonder
If you know
What it means
To find your dreams, and I...
J. Cole - "A Tale Of 2 Citiez"
Since a youngin' always dreamed of gettin' rich
Look at me my nigga
Fantasize about a white picket fence
With some trees my nigga
Used to want a pathfinder with some tints
That's all I need my nigga...
Playboi Carti - "Sky"
What? What? What? What?
I'm so high, man, I can't even feel shit

I told my boy, "Go roll like ten blunts for me" (What? Roll ten, what?)
I told my boy, "Go roll like ten blunts for me" (What? What?...
Search