Kendrick Lamar - The Heart Part 4 Lyrics | AZLyrics.com

"The Heart Part 4" lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
"The Heart Part 4"
Don't tell a lie on me
I won't tell the truth 'bout you
Don't tell a lie on me
I won't tell the truth 'bout you
Thirty millions later, my future favors
The legendary status of a hip-hop rhyme savior
Travel round the atlas in this spaceship
Candy-coated, my day shift's
Been devoted to fuckin' up bundles of paper
Pi equals three-fourteen
The devil's pie is big enough to justify the whole thing
Wait up, lampin' in Jamaica
The clouds turnin', my thoughts turnin'
Burnin' castor oil, yo I been determined to make an earnin'
This seed in this soil is classified
I'm satisfied when I strategize my kid's future
I ain't sanctified enough to say that I won't shoot you
I done vandalized the industry full circuit
The earthiest slash thirstiest nigga you know versus this
Scum of a land that transcend two surfaces
The richer the poorer, the bigger the picture
The more blood pours, but—
Don't tell a lie on me
I won't tell the truth 'bout you
Don't tell a lie on me
I won't tell the truth 'bout you
My fans can't wait for me to son your punk-ass
And crush your whole little shit
I'll Big Pun your punk-ass, you a scared little bitch
Tiptoein' around my name, nigga, you lame
And when I get at you, homie
Don't you just tell me you was just playin'
"Oh, I was just playin', K-Dot
C'mon, you know a nigga rock with you, bro"
Shut the fuck up, you sound like the last nigga I know
Might end up like the last nigga I know
Oh, you don't wanna clash? Nigga, I know
I put my foot on the gas, head on the floor
Hoppin' out before the vehicle crash, I'm on a roll
Yellin', "One, two, three, four, five
I am the greatest rapper alive"
So damn great, motherfucker, I've died
What you hearin' now is a paranormal vibe
House on the hill, house on the beach, nigga (Facts)
A condo in Compton, I'm still in reach, nigga (Facts)
I'm fresh out the water, I'm 'bout to breach, nigga
The five-foot giant woke up out of his sleep, nigga
Oh yeah, oh yeah, more cars, more lears
More bars, no peers, no scars, no fear—fuck y'all, sincere
I heard the whispers, I curved the whispers
You know what the risk is
Earthed in ditches, your body revertin' to stiffness
The whole world gone mad
Bodies is addin' up, market's about to crash
Niggas is fake rich, bitches is fake bad
Blacks that act white, whites that do the dab
Donald Trump is a chump
Know how we feel, punk—tell him that God comin'
And Russia need a replay button, y'all up to somethin'
Electorial votes look like memorial votes
But America's truth ain't ignorin' the votes
It's blasphemy, how many gon' blast for me?
I prophesied on my last song, you laughed at me
But when the shit get brackin', don't you aks for me
How many leaders gon' tell you the truth after me?
G Malone, big bro, kudos to him
I was two Os from a M, tryna be big as Em
Thirty millions later, my future favors
The legendary status of a hip-hop rhyme savior
Salmon and capers, fame and lawsuits
You lookin' at me in Chucks, I'm lookin' at y'all suits
Me and Top Dawg playin' rock-paper-scissors in court
A real hustler lose money just to go get some more
I said it's like that, dropped one classic, came right back
'Nother classic, right back
My next album, the whole industry on a ice pack
With TOC, you see the flames
In my E-Y-Es it's not a game
And the whole world is goin' mad, daddy, it's sad, daddy
My only advice? Go and get you a bag, daddy
Lee Baca on trial tryna portray a boxer
Beatin' up on my niggas while the COs watch him
Tables turned, lesson learned, my best look
You jumped sides on me, now you 'bout to meet Westbrook
Go celebrate with your team and let victory vouch you
Just know, the next game played I might slap the shit out you
Technical foul, I'm flagrant, I'm foul
They throwin' me out, you throw in the towel
Look at the crowd, they— (Naw, I don't like that)
Look at my smile, I'm smirkin'
Calm but urgent (That ain't the style, fuck!)
So many verses, you live in denial (Fuck!)
So many verses, I never run out (What?)
You makin' him nervous, the music is loud
Ho, JAY-Z Hall of Fame, sit yo' punk-ass down!
(Sit yo punk-ass down)
So that means you ain't bigger than rapping (What else?)
So that means no more playin' the back scenes (What else?)
My spot is solidified if you ask me (What else?)
My name is identified as "That King"
I'll let y'all worry 'bout a list, I'm on some other shit
A difference between accomplishments and astonishments
You know what time it is, ante up, this is in forever
Y'all got 'til April the 7th to get y'all shit together
Let's get it!
Look, look!
On foenem
Submit Corrections
Thanks to Wahid Shahriar for correcting these lyrics.
Writer(s): Kendrick Duckworth
AZLyrics
K
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
You May Also Like
J. Cole - "4 Your Eyez Only"
For your eyes only,
For your eyes only
For your eyes

Hey
Niggas be dying on the daily
It seems my dreams faded for far too long, the consequences deadly
Can't visualize myself as nothing but a...
ASAP Mob - "Yamborghini High"
Yeah, I'm… yeah, I'm… yeah, I'm… yeah, I'm…

Yamborghini-high, Lambo by the crib
This is how it is, yeah, these niggas fake
No, we can't relate
Boys get Yamborghini-high, Lambo by the crib
This is...
Vic Mensa - "No Chill"
Yeah, hooligans
No chill, no chill, no chill, no chill
No chill, no chill, no chill, no chill I told Sonny warm the beat up, shit is freezing, he ain't got no chill
I ain't got none either, keep a...
Future - "Mask Off"
Call it how it is
Hendrix
I promise, I swear, I swear
You heard, spit it, yo

Percocets (Yah), molly, Percocets (Percocets)
Percocets (Yah), molly, Percocets (Percocets)
Rep the set (Yeah), gotta rep...
ScHoolboy Q - "Man Of The Year"
Bruh, I see, girls everywhere
Titty, ass, hands in the air, it's a party over here
Shake it for the man of the year
Uh, ma-man of the year, ma-man of the... bounce
Bruh, I see, girls everywhere...
Search