Kendrick Lamar - A.D.H.D Lyrics | AZLyrics.com

"A.D.H.D" lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
"A.D.H.D"
[Kendrick Lamar:]
Uh-uh, fuck that
Eight doobies to the face, fuck that
Twelve bottles in the case, nigga, fuck that
Two pills and a half-weight, nigga, fuck that
Got a high tolerance when your age don't exist
Man, I swear my nigga trippin' off that shit again
Pick him up, then I set him in cold water
Then I order someone to bring him Vicodin
Hope that take the pain away
From the feelin' that he feel today
You know when you part of Section.80
You feel like no one can relate
'Cause you are, you are, a loner, loner
Marijuana endorphins make you stronger, stronger
I'm in the house party trippin' off
My generation sippin' cough syrup like it's water
Never no pancakes in the kitchen
Man, not one of our lives is caught up
In the daily superstition that the world is 'bout to end
Who gives a fuck? We never do listen
'Less it comes with an 808 (A melody and some hoes)
PlayStation and some drank (Technology bought my soul)
Lookin' around and all I see is a big crowd that's product of me
And they probably relatives relevant for a rebel's dream
Yep, her president is black, she black too
Purple Label on her back, but that tab is light blue
She take it straight to the head, then she look at me
She got ADHD
Eight doobies to the face, fuck that
Twelve bottles in the case, nigga, fuck that
Two pills and a half-weight, nigga, fuck that
Got a high tolerance when your age don't exist
Like whoa-whoa, whoa, whoa-whoa, whoa (Don't got a limit, just give me some more with it)
Whoa-whoa, whoa, whoa-whoa, whoa (Don't got a limit, just give me some more with it)
(They always told me ADHD did it)
Whoa, whoa-whoa
And then she started
And then she started feelin' herself like no one else in this apartment
"Beg your pardon? Oh, I rap, baby, how old are you?"
She say twenty-two, I say twenty-three, "OK, then we are crack babies," damn
"Why you say that?" She said, "Where my drink at?"
"I'ma tell you later. Just tell your neighbors and the police 'Relax'."
I stood up, shut the blind, closed the screen, Jumbotron
Made to the back where she reside, then she said, "Read between the lines," yep
Hope that I get close enough when the lights turn down
And the fact that she just might open up when the Nuvo start to drown
Her body, and I know the both of us really deep in the mood now
It's nothin' we can do now, somebody walked in with a pound (Whoa)
Of that Bay Area kush, she looked at me, then looked
At it, then she grabbed it, then she said, "Get it understood"
"You know why we crack babies? Because we born in the '80s
The ADHD crazy"
Eight doobies to the face, fuck that
Twelve bottles in the case, nigga, fuck that
Two pills and a half-weight, nigga, fuck that
Got a high tolerance when your age don't exist
Like whoa-whoa, whoa, whoa-whoa, whoa (Don't got a limit, just give me some more with it)
Whoa-whoa, whoa, whoa-whoa, whoa (Don't got a limit, just give me some more with it)
(They always told me ADHD did it)
Whoa, whoa-whoa
[Ab-Soul:]
You can have all my shine, I'll give you the light
Double cup, deuce, four, six, just mix it in Sprite
Ecstasy, 'shrooms, blow, 'dro, hoes, whatever you like
You can have all my shine, I'll give you the light
Submit Corrections
Thanks to David Teos, Emmanuel, Daniel for correcting these lyrics.
Writer(s): Kendrick Lamar, Mark Spears, Matthew Martin
AZLyrics
K
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
album:
"Section.80"
(2011)
Fuck Your Ethnicity
Hol' Up
A.D.H.D
No Make-Up (Her Vice)
Tammy's Song (Her Evils)
Chapter Six
Ronald Reagan Era (His Evils)
Poe Mans Dreams (His Vice)
The Spiteful Chant
Chapter Ten
Keisha's Song (Her Pain)
Rigamortus
Kush & Corinthians (His Pain)
Blow My High (Members Only)
Ab-Soul's Outro
HiiiPoWeR
You May Also Like
MF Doom - "Doomsday"
When I was led to you
I knew you were the one for me
I swear the whole world could feel you MC I used to cop a lot but never copped no drop
Hold mics like pony tails tied in bobbalobs
Stop and stick...
Meek Mill - "R.I.C.O."
Views, views, views Old ways, new women, gotta keep a balance
The girl of your dreams, to me is probably not a challenge
I've been counted out so many times I couldn't count it
Funny how now my...
Jay-Z - "Holy Grail"
You'd take the clothes off my back and I'd let you
You'd steal the food right out my mouth
And I'd watch you eat it
I still don't know why, why our love is so much, ohh
(Thanks for warnin' me,...
Drake - "0 To 100 / The Catch Up"
Fuck bein' on some chill shit
We go 0 to 100, nigga, real quick
They be on that rap-to-pay-the-bills shit
And I don't feel that shit, not even a little bit
Oh, Lord, know yourself, know your worth,...
Wiz Khalifa - "Paperbond"
Yup, yeah yeah
Oh, hahahaha
Yup yup yup yup yup yup yup yup yup
Yup yup yup yup yup yup yup yup yup
I got enough weed to last me for the rest of my motherfuckin' life
Ain't gon' ever run out

Uh, get...
Search