Kendrick Lamar - Backwards Lyrics | AZLyrics.com

"Backwards" lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
"Backwards"
(with Tame Impala)
(from "Divergent" soundtrack)
[Tame Impala:]
Only go backwards, lately
Every part of me says, "Go ahead"
I got my hopes up again, oh, no, not again
Feels like we only go backwards, darling
[Kendrick Lamar:]
And we'll be screamin' out, "No rules! No rules!"
Feel the energy we go through, I told you
Pump my fist like I'm supposed to, I showed you
My vision of the unsocial is so cool
Look around me and you'll see the scene, who to blame?
See my generation has no shame, I play the game
How I see it. This is inside the future, this is nothin' that you're used to
I refuse to play the victim, my religion is to move you
Out your power position, my army head-on collision
Can't harm me out of my own skin. Government need assistance
Every time that I zone in. Nothing is more convincin'
Than tellin' you that I won't bend, break or fake partition
I can't. This is my life design. This is me taking mines
This is what I live for. This is me takin' yours
This is more than C4. This is what happens when
We're ready to build and destroy
I hope that you enjoy
[Tame Impala:]
It feels like I only go backwards, lately
Every part of me says, "Go ahead."
I got my hopes up again, oh, no, not again
Feels like we only go backwards, darling
[Kendrick Lamar:]
I live my life a rebel, a vigilante. Devils try to get at me
Pedal through this underworld. Undertakers won't catch me
System ain't no system for justice if you would axe me
I'll tell you everything is corrupted. Don't you walk past me
With the condescended look I can tell you're pretendin'
Like you, my friends, and you're just a henchman. I feel relentless
I feel the tension in the air thick enough to cut through it
Or cut you with it. I'm cut from a cloth that bred a nuisance
Trespass on your property. I am properly aimin' to go against your democracy
This is me changing faces 'cause I can stand alone and die alone as long as I got pride
The victory of fight is all in my eyes
The night is young, and I can see your demise. I'm waitin' for it
You can't ignore it, you live dormant, I die enormous
Big as the lies you tell I can tell that you feel defeated
The truth will set you free and to me that's the only reason, capisce?
[Tame Impala:]
It feels like I only go backwards, lately
Every part of me says, "Go ahead."
I got my hopes up again, oh, no, not again
Feels like we only go backwards, darling
It feels
Submit Corrections
Thanks to johnny for adding these lyrics.
AZLyrics
K
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
You May Also Like
Frank Ocean - "Ivy"
I thought that I was dreaming when you said you love me
The start of nothing, I had no chance to prepare
I couldn't see you coming
The start of nothing, ooh, I could hate you now
It's quite alright...
Mac Miller - "Dang!"
I can't keep on
Losin' you over complications
Gone too soon, wait!
We was just hangin'
I can't seem to hold onto
Dang
The people that know me best
The key that I won't forget, too soon
I can't keep...
Tyler, The Creator - "Glitter"
Da na na na na, da na na na na
Da na na na na, my baby
You've been on my mind (How ya feel?)
I'm losing my mind because
I hope that we can be more than just friends

Fireworks, I feel like glitter...
Travis Scott - "ASTROTHUNDER"
High off life, yeah

Seem like the life I fiend
Seem like the life I fiend's a little distant, yeah
Seems like the life I need, yeah
Seems like the life I need's a little distant, yeah

Light the...
Meek Mill - "Sharing Locations"
I got a little bitch from the hood I call her gang
She don't play with that bae shit
I be fuckin this NBA nigga bitch
'Cause she know I ain't never gonna say shit

New contract big like I play ball,...
Search