Kendrick Lamar - The Art Of Peer Pressure Lyrics | AZLyrics.com

"The Art Of Peer Pressure" lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
"The Art Of Peer Pressure"
[Part I]
Everybody, everybody, everybody
Everybody sit your bitch ass down and listen
To this true motherfuckin' story told by Kendrick Lamar on Rosecrans
Ya bitch
Smoking on the finest dope, aye aye aye aye
Drank until I can't no more, aye aye aye aye
Really I'm a sober soul but I'm with the homies right now
And we ain't asking for no favors
Rush a nigga quick then laugh about it later, aye aye aye aye
Really I'm a peacemaker but I'm with the homies right now
And mamma used to say (Say, say, say, say)
One day it's gon' burn you out (Woo)
One day it's gon' burn you out, out, out
One day it's gon' burn you out (You, you, you, you, you, you)
One day, it's gon' burn you
But I'm with the homies right now
[Part II]
Me and my niggas four deep in a white Toyota
A quarter tank of gas, one pistol, and orange soda
Janky stash box when the federales roll up
Basketball shorts with the Gonzales Park odor
We on the mission for bad bitches and trouble
I hope the universe love you today
'Cause the energy we bringing sure to carry away
A flock of positive activists that fill their body with hate
If it's necessary
Bumping Jeezy first album looking distracted
Speaking language only we know, you think it's an accent
The windows roll down all I see is a hand pass it
Hot-boxing like George Foreman grilling the masses
Of the working world, we pulled up on a bunch of working girls
And aksed them what they working with – look at me
I got the blunt in my mouth
Usually I'm drug-free, but, shit, I'm with the homies
(Yeah nigga, we off a pill and Rémy Red
Come through and bust ya head, nigga)
Me and the homies
(Sag all the way to the liquor store
Where my niggas pour up 4 and get twisted some more)
Me and the homies
(I ride for my motherfuckin' niggas
Hop out, do my stuff, then hop back in)
Me and the homies
(Matter fact, I hop out that motherfucker and be like
"Doo! Doo! Doo! Doo!...Doo! Doo! Doo! Doo! Doo!")
It's 2:30 and the sun is beaming
Air conditioner broke and I hear my stomach screaming
Hungry for anything unhealthy and if nutrition can help me
I'll tell you to suck my dick then I'll continue eating
We speeding on the 405 passing Westchester
You know the light-skinned girls in all the little dresses, good Lord
They knew we weren't from 'round there
'Cause every time we down there we pulling out the Boost Mobile SIM cards
Bougie bitches with no extensions
Hood niggas with bad intentions, the perfect combination
Before we sparked a conversation
We seen three niggas in colors we didn't like then started interrogating
I never was a gang-banger, I mean I never was stranger to the fonk neither
I really doubt it
Rush a nigga quick and then we laugh about it
That's ironic 'cause I've never been violent, until I'm with the homies
(Just ridin', just ridin')
Me and the homies
(Bullshittin', actin' a fool)
Me and the homies
(Trippin', really trippin')
Me and the homies
(Just ridin', just ridin', just ridin'...)
Bragging 'bout the episode we just had
A shot of Hennessy didn't make me feel that bad
I'm usually a true firm believer of bad karma
Consequences from evil will make your past haunt you
We tryna conquer the city with disobedience
Quick to turn it up, even if we ain't got the CD in
But Jeezy still playing and our attitude is still "nigga, what is you saying"
Pull in front of the house that we been camping out for like two months
The sun is going down as we take whatever we want
(Ay, ay, nigga jackpot nigga, pop the safe
Ay nigga, I think somebody in this room
Wait, what?
Nigga, there's somebody in this room!)
I hit the back window in search of any Nintendo
DVDs, plasma-screen TVs in the trunk
We made a right, then made a left, then made a right
Then made a left, we was just circling life
My mama called – "Hello? What you doin'?" "Kicking it"
I should've told her I'm probably 'bout to catch my first offense with the homies
But they made a right, they made a left then made a right
Then another right
One lucky night with the homies
K. Dot, you faded, hood?
Yeah we finally got that nigga faded. I think he hit the wrong blunt though
Ooh, which one?
Well which one he talking 'bout? I was finna hit the one with the shenanigans in it
I pray he ain't hit that
Nah, that nigga straight. He ain't hit that one
Got the shenanigans? Give that nigga the shenanigans
Nigga I think we should push back to the city, for real doe Nigga, for what?
What that nigga, what's that Jeezy song say nigga?
"Last time I checked I was the man on these streets!"
Yeah, yeah, that shit right there. I'm tryna be the nigga in the street
There he go. Man you don't even know how the shit go
Look, here's the plan luv. We gon' use the kickback as an alibi
Wait 'til the sun go down, roll out, complete the mission, drop K. Dot off at his mama van, at the park
'Cause I know he tryna fuck on Sherane tonight
That's what he's not gon' do. Then we all gon' meet back at the block at about 10:30
That's straight but we should meet up around 12, I'm tryna fuck on something too
Nigga sit yo dumb ass back down, nigga you ain't doing shit tonight
Matter fact, nigga get in the motherfuckin' car. We finna get active
Submit Corrections
Writer(s): Kendrick Lamar, Rune Helmgaard Rask, Jonas Vestergaard
AZLyrics
K
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
album:
"Good Kid: M.A.A.D City"
(2012)
Sherane A.K.A Master Splinter's Daughter
Bitch, Don't Kill My Vibe
Backseat Freestyle
The Art Of Peer Pressure
Money Trees
Poetic Justice
Good Kid
m.A.A.d City
Swimming Pools (Drank)
Sing About Me, I'm Dying Of Thirst
Real
Compton
The Recipe
(Deluxe Edition Bonus Track)
Black Boy Fly
(Deluxe Edition Bonus Track)
Now Or Never
(Deluxe Edition Bonus Track)
Collect Calls
(Deluxe Edition Bonus Track)
County Building Blues
(Deluxe Edition Bonus Track)
Swimming Pools (Black Hippy Remix)
(Deluxe Edition Bonus Track)
The Recipe (Black Hippy Remix)
(Deluxe Edition Bonus Track)
You May Also Like
ASAP Rocky - "Sandman"
Uh, yeah
Welcome back
We've been missin' you
This what they been waiting for
Crash Course (Rest in peace)
Uh

My mind like George Lucas, I think like Stanley Kubrick
House full of eucalyptus, that...
Childish Gambino - "What Kind Of Love"
What kind of love just stays the same
What kind of love don't die alone
What kind of love would take this long
What kind of love don't make you old
Meet me at the studio
I just wanna play you...
Kanye West - "Devil In A New Dress"
Uh uh
I love it, though
I love it, though, huh, you know? Put your hands to the constellations
The way you look should be a sin, you my sensation
I know I'm preachin' to the congregation
We love...
Earl Sweatshirt - "Sunday"
I know it don't seem difficult to hit you up
But you not passionate about half the shit that you into, and I ain't havin' it
And we both know that I don't mean to offend you, I'm just focused today...
Future - "Codeine Crazy"
Codeine crazy
Yeah (8-8-8-8-808 Mafia)
Pourin' bubbly, pourin' bubbly
Pour that bubbly, pour that bubbly
Pour that bubbly
We done went through too much, you hear me?
(8-8-8-8-808 Mafia)

Pour that...
Search