Kendrick Lamar - 6 Foot 7 Foot (Freestyle) Lyrics | AZLyrics.com

"6 Foot 7 Foot (Freestyle)" lyrics
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
"6 Foot 7 Foot (Freestyle)"
(with ScHoolboy Q)
[Kendrick Lamar:]
Said I'm a fuckin' monster, a massive attack, I haunt ya
I mastered the rap, then fucked up the monitors, mastered that
After that, I went for thermometers, popped 'em all, then popped in the
Jaw of Tracy Veronica, holler back, they promised us
No pajamas, insomnia, will attack, I attack like piranha does
Hit your block like a comet. Blah! And you all know what time it is
2012, mark your calendars, calisthenics and silencers
Exercisin' that trigger strap, rock with us, Metallica
Competition no talent, hmm, in the jungle, what's wild enough?
Just might stumble upon a pack of lions
No lyin', my soldiers dyin', this is Iraq, alliances
Lining with stars and bars of a prison rep, my science a-
-pplyin' pressure, her stretcher is needed, pay the proceeds
Or you live in debt, y'all soft as a giga-pet, you niggas can't see me
Unless you watchin' the TV or ultra huggin' my silhouette
My flow got the ceiling wet, I spit 'til I feel my breath
Who sinkin' my fuckin' chest? She fuckin' the fuckin' best
Mean my dick is the dick of death, mean I'm killing that pussy
Like Spike whenever that Jerry slept
Yeah, Dre
Me and Andre the Giant, 6'7 and climbin'
Whether you storm to your climate, whether you're beat makin' or rhyming
Bumping some Phyllis Hyman, hand full of diamonds like Jay fans
On a island with Ray Bans, glasses palmin' asses
That probably came wit' a great tan, he he
I be the motherfuckin' mecca of this hub city spectrum
Where they at? I will dissect them like a fucking frog's rectum
Why you wreckin' with irreputable? My worst flow incredible
They probably call the federal after I slaughter several
Etcetera, etcetera, Bentley passin' up Celicas
They tellin' us about shit, HiiiPoWeR in your mouth, bitch
And Top Dawg can vouch, bitch, nigga, what you 'bout?
About face with army outfits, the general's here
That mean the hustlers and the criminals here
Penitence reachin' pinnacles of life and despair
And me I solemnly swear to handle mine like a Taliban and die for it
Only difference is I ain't never askin' Allah for it
Only difference is I be spazzin' and still a proud poet
Put me in a category, I don't know what's a sadder story
Guts and glory, your pain bore me you ain't really lived it
I take you to a block where they crippin'
Or Piru that 5'2 gun bigger than the torso of Pippen
Bitch, I been doin' it
Before you niggas ruined it, show me somethin' different
You either kissin' dick or givin' me distance
You live in a district of dime bags and dummies, I know your statistics
Who your boss? He more like my assistant
Get lost, have a egg and a biscuit
Break fast when we aimin' them biscuits
Pay cash when your chain come up missin'
Q! Q!
[ScHoolboy Q:]
Ah!
Double up, shit, what the fuck?
Get me some my promo poppin', setbacks droppin', soon they watchin'
I just lock and load explode, target flowed, I'm somewhere blowed
Marriotts and Swisher Sweets, L.A. nigga pro'bly east
Cheerin' for the ragin' beats, X O Henny scrape the keif
Banging C, I'm bangin', B, put them niggas next to me
Stop and focus, get the lead, I'm here now, let the hardest speak
Ya all them dudes got ovaries, period, run on sentence
Still I'm ventin', air conditionin', coolest breezes, ill diseases
Grip my penis, shoot my semen, still I'm comin', miles a runnin'
I was learnin' gettin' knowledge, head is throbbin', she's a goblin
We be mobbin' over bitches, stick and miss and she the business
Get a witness, pussy frenchin', just a mission
Poppin' off like on a mission, proposition, gettin' money, drop a nigga
Rush a nigga, stomp a nigga, crush a nigga, dust a nigga
Copperhead gon' thrust a nigga, heatin' up the winter, nigga
Somethin' to remember, nigga, hella sick, I got a spit
Curse with a verse like God told me kill the shit
Load the clip Heckler & Koch, the hoover king
Bada bing by the ding a ling, natural hoover
Fing ring with a vision clearin' it with Visine, Asian from Beijing
Money make her cum, she cream- feed the weak, that's Wing Stop
At the start with rain drops, autobot
Space shuttle shittin' on your car lots- boy, stop!
Could at least got a Saturn, huh? HiiiPoWer see our patent, huh?
Workin' on tracks like we never been free, 22 squeeze niggas shootin' off Cs
Please thought a nigga shot 16s
Rhyme sixteens- bada bing, bing, bing, bing.... bing
[Kendrick Lamar:]
If you want to be from HiiiPoWeR
Please come to friend zone
But don't wowwy
You will not suck on my dick tonight
Submit Corrections
AZLyrics
K
Kendrick Lamar Lyrics
compilation:
"Two"
(2020)
Scenario
Brand New
Fire
Black Friday
Cloud 10
Black Friday II
6 Foot 7 Foot (Freestyle)
To The Beat
Unnecessary
Blood Niggaz
Work Harder
Blessed My
Diary Of A Broke Nigga
My People
You May Also Like
Chance The Rapper - "Cocoa Butter Kisses"
Cigarettes on cigarettes, my mama think I stank
I got burn holes in my hoodies, all my homies think it's dank
I miss my cocoa butter kisses, I miss my cocoa butter kisses

Cigarettes on cigarettes,...
Travis Scott - "ESCAPE PLAN"
Twelve-figure estate plan, that was the escape plan
But hate investigatin', that shit was a waste, man
But wait, I stopped the facin' 'cause shit just start erasin'
But wait, it opened gates and this...
Chief Keef - "Love Sosa"
I'm tired of motherfuckers in school tellin' me, always in the barbershop
"Chief Keef ain't 'bout this, Chief Keef ain't 'bout that"
My boy a BD, on fuckin' Lamron and them
He, he, they say that...
Frank Ocean - "Solo"
Hand me a towel, I'm dirty dancing by myself
Gone off tabs of that acid
Form me a circle, watch my Jagger
Might lose my jacket and hit a solo, one time
We too loud in public, them police turned down...
Mac Miller - "Kool-Aid & Frozen Pizza"
K.I.D.S
(You know what? You know what? You know what? Yeah)

Hey, Kool-Aid and frozen pizza
It's a work of art, I ain't talking Mona Lisa
Dream of rocking crowds, see me filling up arenas
This weed...
Search